The Global Programme of Action Coordination Office, with the financial support of Belgium, is currently assisting Egypt, Nigeria, United Republic of Tanzania, Sri Lanka and Yemen to develop pilot national programmes of action for the protection of the marine environment from land-based activities.
The forum produced business contracts amounting to more than $24 million between Asian and African private companies.
But, during the 1990’s, and for reasons that are still notfully understood, the virus exploded into the general population.The number of infected South Africans (equivalent to the populationof Denmark) outstrips that of neighboring Mozambique, Lesotho,Botswana, Namibia, Swaziland, and Zimbabwe combined.
Not since the inception of its mandate in 1968 has the Committee ever confronted such anger and misery among the Palestinian people and other Arabs in occupied territories and disrespect for their basic human rights and fundamental freedoms.
“6. Also welcomes the aspiration of the countries with economies in transition towards the further development of regional, subregional and interregional cooperation, and invites the United Nations system to enhance dialogue with and increase support to the regional and subregional cooperation organizations whose membership includes the countries with economies in transition;
Other names mentioned are not listed.
You got that? You all right? We're very, very ready!
Question of the Malagasy islands of Glorieuses, Juan de Nova, Europa and Bassas da India (decision 60/503 A of 20 September 2005).
According to UNHCR, further concrete measures, such as the inclusion of ethnic Albanians in the local police forces and the demilitarization of the area, are needed in order to address the sources of tension in the area.
No. He's not thinking straight.
We wanted to explain our vote on draft resolution A/C.5/54/L.69.
The approach may be working at this time, but we have to take the situation into consideration, and not necessarily change the approach, but at least perhaps make some adjustments to it.
Maintain an around-the-clock watch on Ronnette. We'll speak in the morning.
Delegations are requested to submit the names of their representatives to the Secretary of the Preparatory Committee, Ms. Vivian Pliner-Josephs (room S-2950E; fax: (212) 963-5935).
Act No. 19,070 of 1991, amended in 1995.
It will continue the significant progress already made in negotiating and implementing fair, durable and affordable settlements of historical grievances and improving the social and economic status of Māori. In order to achieve this goal, the Government aims to extend economic and social opportunities by significantly improving the health, employment, education and housing status of Māori.
Five process tools and four topic-specific tools, together with programme guides and training manuals on normative framework and environmental planning and management, were disseminated.
Following implementation of the automated system, the Administration will examine the possibility of issuing quarterly reminder letters.
The movement of equipment by road from Port Sudan to Darfur, some 1,400 miles, currently takes an average of seven weeks.
Most people believe the FDA ...
WWSF launched in 2001 the Walk your Talk initiatives which were officially launched at the UN General Assembly Special Session on Children (May 2002) and which have as their aim to: 1) regularly remind Heads of State and government of their new promises made to the children of the world and; 2) to award at a later stage those Heads of State and government who accomplish the most significant results in implementing “A world fit for children” declaration and Plan of Action
Its aim is to assist policy makers and others in developing a vision of counter-terrorism strategies that are fully respectful of human rights.
Based on a broad political consensus, the new version amended the wording and updated the substance of the Constitution, with the aims of furnishing a complete picture of written and unwritten constitutional law and highlighting the characteristic elements of the State.
This is an area that requires greater international assistance.
Representatives of the International Federation of Human Rights Leagues (FIDH), Human Rights Watch (HRW), the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) and International Women's Rights Action Watch-Asia Pacific (IWRAW-AP) presented their views to the inter-committee meeting with regard to the strengthening of the human rights treaty body system, with FIDH, HRW and ICJ providing a joint paper on the matter that was also supported by other NGOs.
17 The Virgin Islands Daily News, 7 January 2005.
in just the right light.
I am human, Sebastian!
You still can't drive my car.
The second Planning Officer (P-3) would focus on implementation tracking and evaluation, including performance reporting on the results-based-budgeting frameworks, consolidation of periodic reports on the mission implementation plan and on milestones, benchmarks and timelines for the gradual drawdown of the Mission.
The Medical Council of Jamaica (MCJ) has proposed that the present policy statement on abortion should facilitate the amendment of current legislation in order to reduce or prevent maternal deaths and disability linked to unsafe abortions.
I'll take you to Spain.
The balanced report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (A/63/273) had identified numerous Israeli violations of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, particularly the rights to freedom of expression and assembly and the right to mental and physical health.
The right to life, liberty, security and physical integrity
It's not about preferences, this new generation is so different.
Since April 2004, Danish charter flights from Europe have been arriving in St. Croix.
I'm taking the dog for a walk. What's the problem?
Wait, that's your propeller. You could still win the race.
In compliance with that request, a conference room paper will be issued containing the implementation plan and providing updated information on developments since the signing of the agreement.
Whatever the provocation that led to Zidane’s behavior (probably a racial comment), his violent act, seen around the world, has tarnished his image. The sad paradox is that while the world had been learning of and celebrating his legendary kindness as a person, he will now be distinguished for all time by an act of aggression.
Lastly, we cannot disappoint those who aspire to self-determination if they have the law on their side.
Management tools being developed by the registered partnerships included compilations of best practices, case studies and development of sustainability indicators.
The Special Committee decided to accede to those requests.
Venture capital is more appropriate for several reasons. First, venture capital funds provide flexible, long-term equity capital which is customized according to the unique needs of each enterprise.
These areas continue to be in a state of humanitarian emergency.
The secretariat made a preliminary assessment of the claims in order to determine whether each claim met the formal requirements established by the Governing Council in article 14 of the Rules.
Implementation of and progress made on decisions taken at the sixth regular session of the Commission
The explanation may well be that, as the extent of the market increases, economies of scale and of coordination allow the intermediate parts and processes required in the production of manufactured goods to be separated and entrusted to specialized producers.
(Man) It helps if you let your lover show you by guiding your hand how best she likes to be stimulated.
They can contribute to creating a climate conducive to trust and confidence, whether they are taken unilaterally, bilaterally or multilaterally.
Its budget allocation from the Ministry was small, but it also received funding from the World Bank, the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), and other bodies.
8.1 The Committee has considered this communication in the light of all the information made available to it by the parties, as required by article 5, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol.
In an organization the size of the United Nations, oversight was a crucial tool for improving management, preventing fraud and evaluating programme delivery.
And then if she's into it, we can have like... a meeting.
Hey, sir! Two more please!
An important benefit of memorandums of understanding and service level agreements is that they can consolidate and make cooperation with supplier organizations more predictable.
Since the preparation of his first annual report to the Commission on Human Rights, the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people has carried out two official country missions to Guatemala (September 2002) and the Philippines (December 2002) to observe the human rights situation of indigenous peoples.
At the 61st meeting, on the same day, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed to amend the draft decision by adding a new paragraph after the current paragraph 3 and by modifying paragraph 9.
The Mission believes that, in the circumstances, there is little potential for accountability for serious violations of international humanitarian and human rights law through domestic institutions in Israel and even less in Gaza.
- Talk to you guys later.
Within Haiti, the appointment of a new Prime Minister could offer a fresh opportunity to move forward.
Indeed, there has been a transformation from the extended family to the nuclear family in the wake of the country's entry into a phase of rapid urbanization and the spread of education.
The Conference agreed to establish a credentials committee to examine the credentials of Conference representatives.
Good work, Carmela.
Both internal and external reforms have been successfully implemented, leading to a remarkable increase in its judicial activity, thanks not in the least to the additional nine ad litem judges.
It's none of my business if he's gay or not
In a situation in which more than 3 million Somalis are in dire need of assistance, humanitarian access should continue to be a priority for the international community as a whole.
12 Ibid., sect. I; see also A/CONF.164/37.
We hail the designation of the new Executive Director, Ambassador Mike Smith, who will bear the huge responsibility deriving from the many tasks of the Counter-Terrorism Committee Executive Directorate (CTED) mandate.
Girls reported sexual harassment or incidents of rape.
Mr. Quinn, yoo-hoo.
Third World Institute
The requisite data in the field mission logistics system databases is downloaded into a data warehouse from the hub-servers containing the production data.
The majority of victims have been innocent and defenceless women and children.
Posts funded under the Regular Budget are presented in Table II.8.
The persistent problems and challenges of the future identified in the current plan period will continue to be both valid and relevant to the Organization over the next four-year period.
The group welcomes the efforts of the IAEA to assist countries which, on a voluntary basis, have chosen to take steps to minimise the use of HEU in civilian nuclear applications.
Unbelievable!
And what your husband said... if Columbus had done it, we'd all be Indians.
Dissemination of information about the Fund
The Council has also adopted resolution 1402 (2002), demanding the immediate cessation of violence and calling for the implementation of a meaningful ceasefire and the withdrawal of Israeli troops from Palestinian cities.
The networks use primarily household survey data.
How about we scare the shit out of them?
Information on voluntary quantitative commitments for Kazakhstan for the period of 2008-2012.
With regard to the role of civil society, interaction with UNCTAD was considered of great value, and deeper involvement in its work was requested, particularly in substantive discussions.
It provides an overview of the selected core social and economic indicators and then details the methodology for compiling and reporting these indicators.
- Is what with an...
What would the Senate do with me, an inexperienced legislator who lacks self-deception, which is essential when seeking to guide others?
With regard to UNMIK, the Court stated that it was “a subsidiary organ of the UN created under Chapter VII of the Charter so that the impugned inaction was, in principle, `attributable' to the UN in the same sense”.
Evaluation methodologies included desk reviews; observations at project sites; focus group discussions; and interviews with children, teachers and other key informants.
With a common tariff structure, port users will experience common or at least similar billing procedures from all ports within the region, which may be particularly useful for shipping lines calling at several ports.
The non-political and non-religious organization has activities in 23 countries in North America, the Caribbean, South America, Europe and Australia.
Almost all respondents felt that the design of the MTSP helped bring greater clarity to the roles that UNICEF plays in support of national development and in relation to other partners.
For example, there was no institutional forum at which substantive rules on the responsibility of international organizations could be addressed.
Liberalization can safely proceed only gradually in pace with the capacity of the domestic financial system and when there is no serious macroeconomic disequilibrium, financial institutions are solvent, and an effective system of prudential supervision is in place.
Here, there may be a need for more appropriate regulatory instruments that fully recognize the close connection between macroeconomic cycles and risk-taking by financial institutions.
Table A3.1.1 Hazard statement codes for physical hazards
-We stay here tonight.
He drew particular attention to the second, third, fourth, sixth and ninth preambular paragraphs, and to paragraphs 2, 3, 4, 9 and 10.
Subparagraph (a) concerned the breach of an obligation in a bilateral relationship, for example under a bilateral treaty or a multilateral treaty creating a bundle of bilateral relations.
“This Day of Solidarity is a day of mourning and a day of grief.
Red pepper.
(d) It freezes the funds, other financial assets and economic resources which are on its territories that are owned or controlled by the persons or entities designated in the annex to resolution 1737 (2006), as well as those of additional persons or entities designated by the Security Council or by the Committee as being engaged in, directly associated with or providing support for Iran's proliferation sensitive nuclear activities;
As agreed by the members of the Committee, today's meeting will also include my first detailed oral assessment of Member States' implementation of the relevant Council measures imposed by resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000) and 1390 (2002).
Its success will be measured by its impact on the ground and by its ability to make efficient cooperation possible between the United Nations and the AU.
In this regard, it is critical to ensure the continued commitment of Governments to prosecuting perpetrators of these heinous acts, but also to ensure that local communities are involved in the planning of United Nations activities.
What do you do one day when you realise you can't succeed?
10 St. Thomas Source, 20 July 2002.
- But you couldn't help looking. Why?
10.3 Access to Services
The success of any reconstruction programme depends on getting funds.
I'm even better than I think I am.
For the 2004 election, they nominated 5 women among 18 candidates.
It was seven volumes, which had just been published, and there was a lot of interesting material relevant to that subject.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and all resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to those Territories, including, in particular, the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the individual Territories covered by the present resolution,
Leave me alone! Go home!
-May I talk? -You've put my life at the stake my friend's lives as well.
Any blood tofu?
Ti Re Mi Re Ti La Ti Re Fa Fa La Ti Do.
Paraguay for the Latin American and
In paragraph 4 of its resolution 1704 (2006), the Security Council approved the mandate of UNMIT, setting out a broad range of tasks related to support for the Government of Timor-Leste and relevant institutions in consolidating stability, enhancing a culture of democratic governance and facilitating political dialogue among Timorese stakeholders; support for Timor-Leste in all aspects of the 2007 presidential and parliamentary electoral process; support to the national armed forces and the Ministry of Defence; support to the Timorese national police (PNLT) and the Ministry of Interior, including in the restoration and maintenance of public security in Timor-Leste and assistance in the training, institutional development and strengthening of PNTL and the Ministry of Interior; the promotion of human rights, justice and reconciliation, including for women and children, and through the completion of investigations into outstanding serious human rights violations committed in the country in 1999; support in institutional capacity-building, governance and development; humanitarian support; support in the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of women; cooperation and coordination with United Nations agencies, funds and programmes and relevant partners, including the international financial institutions and donors, of bilateral and multilateral assistance to Timor-Leste in post-conflict peacebuilding and capacity-building; the provision of objective and accurate information to the Timorese people, in particular, on the forthcoming 2007 elections, and UNMIT activities, as well as assistance in building local media capacity; ensuring, in coordination with the international security forces, the security and freedom of movement of United Nations and associated personnel, and the protection of United Nations personnel, facilities, installations and equipment and humanitarian assets.
Although the total elimination of the veto seems a far-off or unrealistic goal, we have not given up on seriously considering interim formulas, for example, restricting the use of the veto to Chapter-VII issues and, in such instances, excluding cases of genocide or crimes against humanity.
lsn't that why you came here?
And it looks like there's some more action now.
Of course that was easier said than done.
(m)1.16 “Non-negotiable transport document” means a transport document that does not qualify as a negotiable transport document.
The Committee recommends that the State party increase its efforts in promoting adolescent health policies and counselling services, as well as strengthening reproductive health education, including the promotion of male acceptance of the use of contraceptives.
The frequency management plan will also identify new channels for use in the 406 MHz band.
Meeting on 14 November 2005,
They got to know who's boss.
Brazil is party to a number of treaties and conventions against terrorism in the context of the United Nations and of the Organization of American States, such as
Particular situations referred to the Commission by the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities (now the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights) under Council resolution 1503 (XLVIII) were placed before the Commission for the first time at its thirtieth session in 1974.
You're on scholarship from Oregon... at Baird.
With respect to the draft Law on Governorates not organized into a region, the Regions Committee is exploring steps to expedite the third reading of the legislation.
My friends at work found it, my sister found it.
Don't break him down. Just let him be.
National stated that it renewed its customs clearances and accordingly seeks compensation for charges levied by the customs authorities for these clearances, in the amount of IQD 9,875 (USD 31,688), for the period between 10 January and 23 August 1991.
The members therefore concluded that it would be highly desirable to delink the scheme from the current reference point and to examine other approaches to updating the allowances, without eroding staff benefits in the process.
The most popular is still Jae Uk oppa.
Take the bread. Take it home.
C. Relevance of human rights principles
Partnership with NGOs will considerably facilitate the implementation of the Millennium Development Goals, particularly in the humanitarian areas, in combating poverty and in education — in a nutshell, in providing access for all to basic social services.
Eight new individuals and six new entities have been placed on the Committee's List since 25 May 2004.
Maybe he's hungry and needs something to eat.
Tomorrow I'll take a sword with me and kill him myself.
Pakistan has a population of 153.45 million.
It's the truth. You're not my son. You never have been.
The Committee requested the Office for Outer Space Affairs to inform the organizations of the United Nations system and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations with observer status with the Committee of the work accomplished and the progress made in the establishment of action teams.
At the 12th meeting, on 21 September 2007, in accordance with part I, section C, paragraph 7, of the annex of Council resolution 5/1 of 18 June 2006, the Council agreed on a timetable for the consideration of the 192 Member States of the United Nations under the universal periodic review mechanism during its first cycle.
Technology transfer and cooperation
What whisky?
No matter how hard I torture myself he just brushes me off and comes here to have dinner with his wife
The objective of the EU is that the UNDC agree on recommendations for achieving the objectives of nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and on practical confidence-building measures in the field of conventional arms, in accordance with the substantive agenda items of the Commission's current three-year cycle.
Another focus is the decentralization and integration of district health services.
Drop that razor out the window.
The Statistics Office collected data on gender, education, health and housing; according to preliminary results, there are about 10,500 Roma in Montenegro.
- What is a moonshot?
Bradley P. Smith, Book Review “Policing across Natural Boundaries”, Yale Journal of International Law, vol. 20 (1995), p. 215, at pp. 216-217.
Seventhly, the authors contend that North American social science research has demonstrated that the effect of homosexual parenthood on children is not markedly different from that of heterosexual parents, including in the area of sexual identity and mental and emotional well-being.
The protracted presence of such large numbers of refugees in the country led to increasing tensions with the local population.
The introduction of a court management coordinator should go a long way towards easing tensions by streamlining the conduct of work between the presidency and the Registry, thus enhancing the pace and quality of work.
Anticipating that African countries will strive to make further progress in their development on the basis of NEPAD, and to help strengthen their partnership with the international community, Japan will convene the third Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD III) in October 2003.
But there is profound skepticism that we can do so. The world looks to the UN as never before, yet the conventional wisdom is that we are not up to the job.
(e) In operative paragraph 19, the words “to take into account the five concerns” were replaced by the words “to bear in mind the five issues”;
At present, the reference value for compensation grants is as follows: For single old-age pensioner EUR 630.92 For a couple of pensioners EUR 900.13 Increment per child EUR 67.15 From the viewpoint of financial accounting, the compensation grant is not a social security benefit but rather a social welfare payment, the State refunds the expenditure under this heading to the old-age pension insurance carriers.
This is my duty as a father!
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling said that she wished to associate herself with the positive comments by other members of the Committee on the implementation of the Convention in Jamaica. She regretted, however, that there was no definition of the term “discrimination against women” in Jamaican legislation.
Having considered the letter dated 22 July 2000 from the President of the Maldives addressed to the President of the Economic and Social Council,
The expenditure for staff costs of $2.074 million is 90 per cent of the total allotment for staff costs of $2.299 million, while the commitment for contractual services of $1.666 million is only 11 per cent of the total allotment for contractual services of $14.979 million.
Freedom House is a non-governmental organization that cannot confer such State status on any territory or country.
My testeron is going dancing...
While currently most of the investment in mitigation measures is domestic, ODA plays an important role in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the LDCs.
(e) In the area of security interests, the United Nations Convention on the Assignment of Receivables in International Trade and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Secured Transactions;
The collection of data disaggregated by sex, which is currently insufficient, and specific studies on the impact of the crisis on women in particular areas, should be encouraged.
The spirit of cooperation based on the shared values of equality and sovereignty, which are enshrined in our Charter, is a source of our strength.
The Vice-Chairman, Prayono Atiyanto (Indonesia), also made a statement.
(c) To provide care and support by strengthening programming for orphans and vulnerable children infected/affected by AIDS and by expanding life skills training for young people.
The Commission is developing a minority index with a view to facilitating affirmative action for minorities.
The strategies include capacity-building for human resources in the states and municipalities for implementing the Acute Diarrhoeal Diseases Monitoring Programme (MDDA); providing direct technical support for states and municipal districts to investigate outbreaks of cholera; revising the Integrated Cholera Control and Prevention Handbook (Manual Integrado de Prevenção e Controle da Cólera); reviewing the instruction materials for capacity-building in monitoring acute diarrhoeal diseases; the transfer of funds under agreements with the State Health Bureaux in north-east Brazil, underwriting the implementation of activities under the Emergency Cholera Control and Prevention Plan for north-east Brazil (Plano Emergencial de Prevenção e Controle da Cólera no NORTHEAST); the transfer of funds under agreements for implementing actions under the Emergency Cholera Control and Prevention Plan in Paraná (Plano Emergencial de Prevenção e Controle da Cólera no Paraná); preparation of educational material and organization of the capacity-training course for the multiplicatory agents of the Acute Diarrhoeal Diseases Monitoring Programme in indigenous areas; scheduling the distribution of sodium hypochlorite to 2.5 per cent of the 27 states in Brazil, handled by CODAMED/Ministry of Health; ensuring capacity-building for all states through the Public Health Laboratories, in order to undertake etiological diagnoses of outbreaks of acute diarrhoeal diseases; more intensive dissemination of existing tools in regional and local communications media in municipal districts tagged as high-priority under the Emergency Cholera Control and Prevention Plan for north-east Brazil; more intensive health education activities in municipal districts ranked as high priority under the Emergency Cholera Control and Prevention Plan for north-east Brazil; more intensive dissemination of cholera prevention measures through the Family Health-Care Programme, Community Health-Care Agents and agents working for the
But he was saying a lot more than he meant to.
Issue 5: Mental health needs of older persons
Emerging issues following UNISPACE III
Recalling its resolution 55/92 of 4 December 2000,
Speedy agreement on most elements of a framework for the development goals, targets and indicators constituting the MDGs, in a collaborative effort with the International Monetary Fund, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the World Bank, UNDG and other United Nations organizations, under the auspices of the office of the Secretary-General; Finalization of the UNDG guidance note on country-level monitoring of MDGs that emphasizes national ownership, capacity-development and links with existing tools such as common country assessments, national human development reports and poverty-reduction strategy papers; The launch of a pilot initiative to prepare MDG reports at the country level, with four completed by the end of 2001 and another dozen in various stages of development; Coordinated support to include MDGs in the poverty-reduction strategy process, in particular by integrating MDG databases into poverty-reduction strategy frameworks and enhancing the skills of national counterparts to obtain and use data for the credible monitoring of progress in poverty-reduction strategy papers and, more broadly, the MDGs.
- Acts of violence in the home;
Nepal is facing some problems related to the Maoist insurgency within the country.
In medical and veterinary sciences, the development of diagnostics, vaccines and other biopharmaceuticals is broadening the ability to manage diseases that were until very recently considered as incurable.
Bearing in mind that, in accordance with its resolution 1991/42 of 5 March 1991, the task of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention is to investigate cases of detention imposed arbitrarily or otherwise inconsistently with the relevant international standards set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights or in the relevant international legal instruments accepted by the States concerned,
International legal instruments
The discriminatory provisions of the Citizenship Act had been identified as far back as 1999, yet the Act had still not been amended.
4.3.2.4 Existing paragraph 4.3.2.4 becomes new 4.3.2.4.1.
The present Protocol, of which the Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish texts are equally authentic, shall be deposited in the archives of the United Nations.
It's gonna be off the hook.
The Council considered questions concerning the activities of the GUUAM Information Office in Kyiv.
Ms. Ivanova (The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia) said that school textbooks were an important means of socialization, at pre-primary, primary and secondary levels.
Negotiation on price outside these parameters is not permitted, even if offered by suppliers.” See, further, http://www.dti.gov.uk/about/procurement/procue8-8.htm.
Really?
Legislation should pave the way for the electronic media to diversify and extend the many different types of artistic expression, expanding the content and enhancing cultural values accessible to societies.
International institutions specializing in information and telecommunication systems should also be involved in the debate.
The Committee therefore considers that domestic remedies have been exhausted.
They stressed the importance of achieving and maintaining a high level of readiness of the OPCW to provide timely and needed assistance and protection against use or threat of use of chemical weapons, including assistance to the victims of chemical weapons.
As at end December 2002, the service units had over 5,584 children in their care.
Three hours sleep.
The Committee will provide an update on marine acoustic technology in 2006.
You're gonna keep your mouth shut, otherwise we're both going down.
So vivid, in fact, that many of them gather each year at Fort
In 2001 the male unemployment rate was 8.7 per cent, while the female rate showed an increase over the previous year, rising to 4.9 per cent.
When you're ready to talk to us, write down their names and addresses.
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolutions II A to C on the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003; III, on special subjects; IV, on unforeseen and extraordinary expenses; and V, on the Working Capital Fund (see A/C.5/56/L.28 (Part II), para.
Part II of the final outcome document containing the review and assessment of the implementation of the Copenhagen Declaration and Programme of Action of the Summit acknowledges that Member States have taken a number of actions to enhance their capacities to achieve goals of the World Summit for Social Development.
You can make a joint of four. You can make a joint of six.
Long-term, sustained delivery of assistance is necessary in this regard.
Some preference was expressed in the Working Group for the provision on preliminary orders as contained in paragraph (5).
18 The Economist Intelligence Unit, Country Profile on Bermuda, 28 December 1999.
We also support international mediation to calm the situation.
a Estimate based on actual figures for 2000.
Official travel of staff: $54,300.
Much emphasis was placed on the reconciliation approach to family disputes, and the Women's Union, the farmers' union, and many local non-governmental organizations were active in resolving domestic problems and violent incidents had often been prevented, thanks to the efforts of the well-publicized local reconciliation groups.
You're doing it again. I can't see your face.
Prototype Carbon Fund
OHCHR should translate and disseminate major interpretations and conclusions of the treaty bodies.
It was recognized that the poor and slum-dwellers lived and earned their livelihoods within the informal sector having no access to capital and lacking both legal protection and land tenure security.
The Implementation Committee had further urged Bangladesh to submit an update on its progress in implementing its national transition strategy and conversion project, including any revisions that could be made to the estimated amount by which the Party expected to exceed its annual allowable consumption of CFCs in each of the years from 2007 to 2009 for consideration by the Committee at its fortieth meeting.
All right, there's that robot again.
The members of CEB had noted with satisfaction that those recommendations had the full support of all the members of the Panel, including the Chairman of ICSC, whose experience and knowledge of the functioning of the Commission had been extremely helpful.
And he won't leave me be!
Vice-Chairmen: Majdi Ramadan (Lebanon) Alfredo Chuquihuara (Peru) Olivier Chave (Switzerland)
You have a mosquito. Want me to...?
(a) Complete rotor assemblies:
The first four cases were abandoned for lack of evidence.
In 1999, work continued on updating the curriculum pursuant to the “Provisional requirements for a compulsory minimum curriculum for basic general education” and the “Compulsory minimum curriculum for secondary (full) general education”.
I have a friend who lives by here.
A. Caponera, Principles of Water Law and Administration, Balkema, (Rotterdam, 1992).
Tech team tracked the squad's gps and found it...
One of the ways of eradicating acts of torture has been the draft reform of the Criminal Code and the Code of Criminal Procedure.
The main reasons for the approach of the UNCITRAL Secured Transactions Guide with respect to outright transfers of receivables are: (i) the need to have a comprehensive set of priority rules where there are multiple assignments of the same receivables by the same assignor mainly based on registration (with the exception of receivables embodied in negotiable instruments with respect to which possession gives a superior security right); (ii) the need to address a priority conflict between an assignment by way of security, an outright assignment and the creation of a security right in a receivable; and (iii) the difficulty of third parties to determine whether an assignment is by way of security, an outright assignment or a transaction creating a security right in a receivable.
We're keeping it a secret. I-I said you weren't.
Since Hungary's EU accession however, in order to ensure transparency of the utilisation of EU funds an to meet the requirements of accounting for the utilisation of the funds, there has been an increasing pressure on institutions to have specific data in their registries on women employees, on Roma women and on women employees with disabilities.
Most of the workers are employed in areas linked to tourism, which was down in 1998.
And they will hide that fee in here.
You can pick what book to use.
The task that we have set for ourselves is enormous and expensive.
58 See “Child protection, child trafficking”: UNICEF web site (http://www.unicef.org/programme/cprotection/ focus/trafficking/measures.htm), 2001.
- I'll get them to you. Quickly. Quickly.
We support the ambitious 90-day work programme he has submitted, which includes well-established priorities.
I will forward to the Council my conclusions based on the report of this mission as an addendum to the present report for its consideration.
Well, we're still trying to determine what killed them.
Our Government regards unrestricted respect for the human rights of people living with HIV/AIDS, and of the most vulnerable populations, as not only a State duty, but also a requirement for making progress in controlling the epidemic.
These Israeli violations and crimes are destroying any potential for peace between the two sides and have been the cause of mounting suffering and misery for the Palestinian people as the humanitarian crisis they face as a result of such actions continues to worsen.
Another aspect worth mentioning in connection with the reduction of infant mortality is the decline in the birth rate.
In Thailand, social services and safety nets are designed within the framework of national development plans, the eighth national economic and social development plan (1997-2001) and the draft ninth plan, which covers the period 2002-2006.
We identified three as priority one,
ter Schure, A.F.H. and Larsson, P. 2002. Polybrominated diphenyl ethers in precipitation in Southern Sweden (Skåne, Lund). Atmos. Environ.
A cluster bomb left by the Israeli enemy exploded in Al-Soultaniye, resulting in the wounding of Hussein Qadduh (aged 18 years) on the chest and head.
Tokelau, a New Zealand territory, is made up of three (3) low lying coral atolls, separated by vast areas of oceans.
We would like to spend some more time on the Nickel Titanium, give us one more day, we'll try our best.
UNV initiated contacts with a number of private sector entities with a view to engaging them in development cooperation through corporate volunteering.
Guatemalans voted for President and Vice-President, 113 members of Congress, 330 mayors and 20 delegates to the Central American Parliament.
Meanwhile, the volatility of the security situation on the ground and the difficulty in bringing equipment and basic supplies into Darfur have exposed UNAMID military and police personnel to increased risks.
Those trips raised the Committee's profile and have promoted a proper understanding of the purpose and the importance of the sanctions regime.
(iii) Legislation relevant to land use, land distribution, land allocation, land zoning, land ceilings, expropriations including provisions for compensation, land planning, including procedures for community participation;
Most of the people interviewed said they were registered, took part in local and NK-wide elections and received pensions.
16.4 States reaffirm the obligations they have assumed regarding the protection, safety and security of humanitarian personnel.
The Committee considers that reservations relating to the required procedures under the first Optional Protocol would not be compatible with its object and purpose.
The exercise of his right, including the grounds on which it may be exercised, shall be governed by law.” In applying this provision, the European Commission on Human Rights (ECHR) has held that it is sufficient for a State to limit a right of appeal to questions of law.
Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Transitional Administration in East Timor (S/2002/432 and Add.1)
- JKCHR is involved in assisting the Kashmiris, mostly the youth, fleeing from the Indian and Pakistani administrations, in about 19 countries.
“The Security Council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the security situation in the Central African Republic, especially in the wake of the attacks on the towns of Birao, Ouanda-Djalle and Sam Ouandja.
Internally displaced women noted health needs as among their main concerns.
Information provided to the Committee on this matter is contained in annex IV below.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted information concerning the alleged use of rape and sexual violence by police and intelligence officers in order to extract information from women in detention. The Special Rapporteur also transmitted information on the practice of forced portering, whereby military forces arbitrarily detain women for the purpose of forcing them to undertake manual labour.
Right there. Down.
The Goddess has forgiven us.
And how it's changed since the war.
On the basis of those replies, the Executive Director would prepare, for submission to the Commission, a single biennial report for consideration at its forty-fourth session in 2001.
We strongly urge the Democratic People's Republic of Korea to visibly, verifiably and irreversibly dismantle any nuclear programme, a fundamental step to facilitate a comprehensive and peaceful solution.
I came here for you to make me feel better,
Education is a priority in Chad.
As I myself have seen on the ground, French-speaking individuals are sorely lacking in Haiti, as well as in Côte d'Ivoire and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
(b) Reaffirm that flag, port and coastal States all bear responsibility for ensuring the effective implementation and enforcement of international instruments relating to maritime security and safety, in accordance with international law, in particular the Convention, and that flag States have primary responsibility that requires further strengthening, including through increased transparency of ownership of vessels;
I know that some of you are worried about our exposure in the market and you're probably wondering about the identity of our mystery Customer X.
If Nameless the Legend is involved in this matter,
Norway regrets this, and I am convinced that all members of the Council share our feelings.
Agenda item 38: Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources (continued) (A/C.2/60/L.11)
Bigger than any RPG I've ever seen.
The only defence against a nuclear catastrophe is the total elimination of those weapons.
The terminal mainly secure!
Yes, I know. I got your e-mails. But...
- No, kiss her on the mouth. - He hasn't seen here for six years.
This is partly due to more people taking up employment off shore because of better pay and conditions.
In document A/57/387, the Secretary-General has presented his agenda for further reform of the United Nations, including the process of planning and budgeting which, in his view, was seriously flawed, because it was complex, protracted, disjointed, time-consuming and rigid.
I'm also a bit tired.
The Ugandan Minister alleged in his statement to the Council that the objective of the remaining Ugandan forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo was to ensure that the forces of the Democratic Alliance, that are supported by the Sudan and trained by al-Qa`idah, did not obtain assistance for the purpose of launching terrorist operations in Uganda across the Ruwenzori Mountains.
To that end, the Bretton Woods institutions and the World Trade Organization should be brought into a close working relationship with the United Nations, as envisaged in the Charter.
Then the last line of subparagraph (g) should be modified so as to read `… for activities carried out in connection with the service of the United Nations'.”
Guided by the purposes and principles embodied in the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
The report indicates that the frequency of induced abortion among women between the ages of 20 and 24 was far greater than that of other age groups (CEDAW/C/KOR/6, table 12.6).
Gender Justice in Post-Conflict Countries, Speech by Noeleen Heyzer, 28.10.04.
My baby loves me, she always makes me feel fine.
Delegates at the World Summit on Sustainable Development had emphasized the need for development processes that met the needs of the present generation, without hampering the ability of future generations to meet theirs.
How would your daughter feel if she had no father and she was all alone?
Aqua, Aqua, Aqua!
I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Islamic Group at the United Nations, to transmit herewith the text of the final communiqué of the annual coordination meeting of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the States members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, held at United Nations Headquarters in New York on 18 September 2000 (see annex).
A first group, consisting of eight inspectors, left the Canal Hotel in Baghdad at 0900 hours to inspect the Rifah site belonging to the Karamah State Enterprise, an MIC affiliate, located at Amiriyah/Fallujah, 70 km west of Baghdad.
Look. Look how straight and white.
Secondly, it is necessary for the inspection work in Iraq to continue.
Jane Li never talks about her past
To inform the Committee's discussions on how to manage the staffing table of the Organization in general and the Support Office in particular, he requested the Secretariat to indicate what practical obstacles had arisen in the current case.
- Do it, Hans! - Hans, you idiot!
Encourages the Special Rapporteur of the Human Rights Council on the right to food to continue mainstreaming a gender perspective in the fulfilment of his mandate, and encourages the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and all other United Nations bodies and mechanisms addressing the right to food and food insecurity to integrate a gender perspective into their relevant policies, programmes and activities;
A key factor to the implementation, and indeed to the success, of that plan and the goals set out in the Strategic Indicative Plan, is the availability of resources.
Reference was made to the role of the media in relation to environmental education and public awareness.
Isn't Ethiopia in Africa?
The lack of effective basic border management directly affects the joint efforts of the Haitian authorities and MINUSTAH to enhance security, the rule of law and institutional support.
To begin with the following updates should be made to the country report:
ASEAN was committed to the eradication of the production, processing, trafficking and abuse of illicit drugs in South-East Asia by 2015 and was working closely with its dialogue partners, the United Nations and other regional and non-governmental organizations to combat the drug menace in the region.
Disputes can be submitted, at the request of any party to the dispute, to the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea (the Tribunal), the International Court of Justice or arbitration and conciliation procedures (ad hoc arbitral tribunals).
tv = year of verification
[Audience giggling] "Bless you."
There have never been elections in Afghanistan of the scope and standard that are being called for now.
We express once again our hope for the success of our work.
Despite the improvement, that region still has the greatest gender gap in the world.
Because of lack of funds, the development of this component of the Special Initiative has slowed down considerably.
Nonsense. Come on. Out with it.
Mr. Mohamed Abchir
During the twenty-ninth session, on 16 July 2003, the Committee held a closed meeting with States parties whose reports were more than five years overdue in an effort to contribute to improved adherence by those States parties to their reporting obligations under article 18 of the Convention.
In October, an agreement on cooperation to create a Baikal model territory of sustainable development for the world between the government of the Buryat Republic, Russian Federation, and UNA-Russia was signed in Moscow; and UNA-Russia organized an exhibition featuring the works of the well-known Russian artist, traveller, ecologist and journalist, Vyacheslav Egorov, dedicated to the International Year of the Mountain.
Also in February 2007, she had chaired the sixth session of the Inter-Agency Network on Women and Gender Equality, which had brought together senior gender focal points from all United Nations entities.
In the same paragraph, the word “intensifying” should be replaced by “enhancing” so that the phrase will read “enhancing international cooperation”.
A visit to Russia, where he'd been welcomed by Britain's ambassador, Sir Stafford Cripps, had convinced him that the delightful Stalin was a great man.
But it'll be the end of your political ambitions, wouldn't it?
Paragraph 3 (a)
The Force is mandated to help the Security Council achieve an overall objective, namely, to maintain international peace and security.
Bring it in! Hey, hey. Come on in, guys.
The SBI encouraged non-Annex I Parties to submit project proposals for the funding of their subsequent national communications before completion of their current national communications, in order to avoid a lack of continuity in project financing.
Alright, everybody, drop your guns.
(h) Annex III contains estimated increases or decreases in requirements for jointly financed activities and inter-organizational measures by main determining factor;
Appropriate support services for victims.
Terrorism also affects the stability of nations and the very basis of societies.
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on impunity (E/CN.4/2002/102),
Hope's slowly dyin'
A/C.5/60/L.5 Item 132 -- Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services -- Draft resolution submitted by the Chairman following informal consultations -- Implementation of the recommendations of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on its management audit of the regional commissions [A C E F R S]
All day and all of the night.
Kuwait stated that Yemen undertook efforts to combat corruption and that technical assistance might be vital in this regard.
· The participants emphasized the importance of an essential role for the Arab private sector and Arab NGOs in the process of Iraq's reconstruction.
It was not the doing of the Transitional National Government or of anyone associated with the Transitional National Government.
He went for a beer.
Furukawa does not state what happened to the contracts on its return to Kuwait.
-Dude, it was like her mouth ejaculated.
If a designee predeceases the participant or former participant, the payments shall not commence, or if they have commenced, shall cease upon the designee's death.
(i) Supporting Governments in devising effective strategies and establishing appropriate legislative, administrative and regulatory regimes against money-laundering; [updated to reflect General Assembly resolutions 55/2, 55/25 and 56/261]
Under this Plan, UNHCR paid out $1,655,551 to its subscribers in respect of their claims.
The television as well?
How much did you spend today?
In 2004, eight (8) Incident Response Teams have been deployed worldwide in response to request of member-countries in managing terrorist incidents.
This implies that there is no sovereignty in space.
That report will analyse performance at the mid-point of the strategic plan period and measure the degree to which the UNDP project portfolio is aligned with the outcomes it supports.
However, under the Guide, the rights of a licensee (as a debtor of the assigned receivables) are not affected except as otherwise provided in the secured transactions law recommended in the Guide (see recommendation 117, subparagraph (a)).
In 2000, the Navy had about 4,000 military personnel, about 4,000 dependants and 2,000-3,000 contract civilian workers.
Why then are we in this predicament today?
The WHO Recommended Classification of Pesticides by Hazard.
You've been focused so hard on making it, you forgot about one thing.
Rosie's been more efficient than I anticipated. I know where we could rustle up a car.
Three candidates were alleged to maintain relationships with militias.
I can't do that if I'm trapped in a life I don't want.
It should be emphasized that the countries of the subregion have an important role to play in the quest for peace in Iraq.
It is presided over by a professional judge of the ordinary courts, who is bound by the law on the status of the judiciary and whose career and conduct are overseen by the Supreme Council of the Judiciary, a constitutional body presided over by the Head of State.
(For the election of the President, see item 4.
The adoption of the draft articles would contribute greatly to the development of international law by serving as a legal basis for the analysis of relations between States.
♪ this day would come ♪
All those inputs will contribute to the design, implementation and monitoring of employment policies and to the assessment of their social impact.
One speaker emphasized the need to undertake appropriate and focused action to ensure sustainability, such as through train-the-trainer programmes.
During the past year, the Australian Government sponsored the “Destroy a Minefield” campaign, which involved non-governmental organizations (NGOs), the private sector and government.
However, since national and regional bans already in place will reduce the amount of C-PentaBDE entering the market, such a tax is unlikely to generate funds on the scale required for dealing with legacy problems.
(b) Immunization services (middle-income countries).
The Government and CPN-M negotiation teams also agreed to form an Interim Constitution Drafting Committee (hereafter “the Drafting Committee”) which became operational on 6 July 2006.
And let her know you've done it.
That's like my mom. Yeah.
This clear focus has greatly facilitated the promotion of the specific activities of these service modules.
Pending conclusion of memorandums of understanding with the formed police-contributing countries, the above provision includes the estimated requirements for the reimbursement of contributing Governments for self-sustainment costs based on draft memorandums of understanding.
The UN News Centre portal (www.un.org/news) is one of the most heavily visited areas on the United Nations website, registering nearly 1 million separate visits a month.
- No.
The Secretary-General then proceeded to mention the long-term adverse effects of the embargo, which the Special Rapporteur deems to be the most serious problem that innocent people would continue to face for many years, if not generations, and that as such calls for remedial action.
However, it is important to note that in relation to the regulation proposed in the draft convention, these are not new risks. They already exist today.
He proposed a version containing two paragraphs, the first of which might have two variants.
Political and economic interests may be achieved either by using the issue of human rights as a pretext or by disregarding human rights violations, a policy that is a travesty of the bases and principles of human rights, the cornerstone of which is the absolute equality of all mankind.
We are specifically aware, for example, of a shipment of Jordanian assistance that was successfully transferred through the Kerem Shalom crossing into Gaza on 27 November.
You know, if you could live your life any way, what would you want?
And wasn't always sincere With members of the opposite sex.
Moreover, once they are approved, deployment can sometimes takes months.
An eternal empire begins with you!
We believe that any agenda for the future would have to take into account, as the starting premise, implementation of the programme of action contained in the final document of the General Assembly's first special session on disarmament.
Give it to her, but do not say that of me.
Option 2
The Board noted that, in four of the six cases reported, the United Nations did not incur any financial loss.
It appears that the majority of delegations can
This is often impeded by conflicting priorities, differing planning and programming cycles, and competing resource mobilization efforts.
it wasn't anything she did while you were in the bathroom.
The Palestinian Authority must act to stop them.
What she doing?
Hold onto this love story
Strategies must be aimed at ensuring access to basic social services and education and capacity-building of the poor, including access to productive resources, incentives to small and medium-sized enterprises, microcredit and strengthened food security.
You know they said he was a bad influence.
A presentation will be made by Dr. Ian Goldin, Vice-President for External Affairs and United Nations Affairs, World Bank.
On 7 May, when a journalist asked White House spokesman Ari Fleischer: “Is there any proof of this or is this an assumption by the United States?” Fleischer replied: “No, it's not an assumption.
Guys? Guys, the whales. Let's get back to the whales.
Constructive views were exchanged on the general framework and principles that should be incorporated into a bilateral agreement in this respect.
No, but then I wouldn't.
(i) Sales publication revolving fund
It is also committed towards the prevention of violence through education and media.
- Sweet, so would l; yet I should kill thee with much cherishing.
But then -- then they started to scheme.
insurance 168 43
He recalled that the Secretary-General's report on the Implementation on the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: the Millennium Development Goals and synergies with other United Nations disability instruments (A/62/157) had been prepared in response to General Assembly resolution 60/131.
Sa-sa-sa...
Deploying international forces into a buffer zone created between the two sides will facilitate implementation of the road map and the Palestinian Authority's task of maintaining security in the area from which the Israeli forces will withdraw.
You two go and take a look.
That will ensure that Security Council resolution 1397 (2002) will indeed help end the current tragic situation on the ground and push the parties towards the path of peace.
You know, I'm sorry I was wrong. I'm sorry I was wrong.
National Women's Safety Taskforce
So do several geniuses that I could mention.
That's not just for my sake.
I'm-I'm a journalist, myself.
Convention No. 89: In its 2004 direct request, the Committee of Experts recalled that member States are under an obligation to review periodically their protective legislation in light of scientific and technological knowledge with a view to revising all gender-specific provisions and discriminatory constraints.
(e) Performance monitoring, management and oversight.
The Board calls on the international community to provide assistance to those countries towards achieving those objectives.
28.56 The amount of $51,457,300 provides for: (a) the 186 posts reflected in table 28.21, resulting from the delayed impact of the 17 new posts for the radio pilot project and 1 post for a Portuguese-language radio producer approved in the biennium 2002-2003 ($1,475,700), the inward redeployment of 1 P-4 post and 6 General Service (Other level) posts from the information centres ($2,501,200) in order to strengthen the language capacity of the United Nations web site, and the reclassification of 1 General Service post from the Other level to the Principal level for the photo lab supervisor in order to enhance the quality control of United Nations photographs; and (b) non-post costs, which will be increased by $1,094,500 to provide additional resources for contractual services and other staff costs for the coverage of the increasing number of General Assembly and Security Council meetings.
In this connection, in June 2003 the Storting adopted an Act relating to an introduction programme for recently arrived immigrants, thereby introducing a special scheme to qualify recently arrived immigrants and their reunified family members for participation in working and social life.
The management indicated that centralization would make possible direct routing of payment vouchers through MSRP from the field to headquarters Treasury for final cash release.
Part one. General rules
Whatever you say, T. I'd follow you into the gates of hell.
List of members and alternates of the Sub-Commission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (2006) 30
They should include specific information relating to the report or any other documentation and quality of the delegation in the introduction; include in the “concerns and recommendations” section a clear connection between the concerns and recommendations, with recommendations concentrating on concrete proposals that should be as practical and precise as possible.
Possible means of remedying violations by States parties of their obligations
Friends don't let friends drink and dial.
Noting with satisfaction that the Mozambique's Presidential and Legislative elections held on 1-2 December, 2004, was carried out peacefully and in a transparent manner, which created conditions to reinforce democratic process and to continue to implementation of economic and social programmes;
Moreover, this led to a virtual dismantling of the peace process, which since Madrid and then Oslo appeared to have been gradually heading towards a peaceful resolution of the conflict, albeit with occasional difficulties.
Andy does not remember this, but when he was young, before his father died, he used to smoke in front of all...
Captain, you're back. What did the courts decide?
5.38 The United Nations Office in Angola (UNOA) was initially established by the Security Council in its resolution 1268 (1999) of 15 October 1999.
You might very well think that. I couldn't possibly comment.
Acknowledge. Marco, do you copy?
Apart from being untenable, this approach attempts to conceal the responsibilities of developed countries for the chronic underdevelopment of countries of the South.
What more than being in the dark
FAO Global Soul and Terrain Database (SOTER) (http://www.fao.org/landandwater/lwdms.stm).
In other instances, partners were tardy in their submission of VAT reimbursement claims.
All speakers emphasized the importance of effective pre-export notification systems, and it was agreed that all States should give priority to fully implementing the relevant provisions of the 1988 Convention.
[Groans] Hey. Yo!
With respect to malaria, the Ministry of Health, in partnership with the state and municipal health departments, introduced in July 2000 the Plan for Intensification of Malaria Control Initiatives in the Legal Amazon. The objective was to reduce morbid-mortality owing to malaria by 50 percent by end-2001, prevent the outbreak of localized epidemics, and reduce their gravity and thus the number of deaths and hospital admissions.
Dude, what the fuck? !
Article IV of the Treaty guarantees “the inalienable right of all the Parties to the Treaty to develop research, production and use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes without discrimination and in conformity with Articles I and II of this Treaty” and provides for an undertaking by all parties to the Treaty “to facilitate, and have the right to participate in, the fullest possible exchange of equipment, materials and scientific and technological information for the peaceful uses of nuclear energy” in order to establish a balance between security concerns and the socio-economic requirements for development especially for the developing countries.
The world needs the United Nations. It needs the United Nations today as much as it did 60 years ago.
In this context, the United Nations agencies in Bonn, under UNFCCC chairmanship, are developing a sustainable transport policy for the new campus.
It is worth recalling that those relations must be relations of peace, of harmony, of fraternity and of shared prosperity — which they never should have ceased to be.
"The hour of my death draws fast on, "and my case being such... "the tender love I owe you
Here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to take you to a bus station,
This woman knows no shame l'll write the divorce paper myself!
Where age structure is concerned, most unemployed persons were found in the 25-39 (42.6%) and 40-54 (27.6%) age groups, representing a total of 172,400 persons, while young people in the 15-24 age group accounted for 24.3 per cent (151,600).
It came from the castle! It's out there!
Hispanic culture prevails in the use of surnames and the wife keeps her surnames.
Moreover, 94 per cent suffered loss of goods directly linked to income generation and goods considered women's property.
Not too heavy?
The Committee regrets that it did not receive adequate information from the State party on the number of people who live below the poverty line.
Also, a workshop held at Benin in February 1999 discussed the modalities for a regional project aimed at developing an integrated land resources information system for West Africa.
Relations with the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia have generally improved over the past month.
We eagerly await the beginning of work by the Special Chamber in Bosnia and Herzegovina: beyond the 11-bis cases — on which indictments exist — there are many other files on suspects, containing sufficient evidence to bring them to trial.
India has consistently opposed any unilateral measure by countries that impinge on the sovereignty of another country. These include any attempt to extend the application of a country's laws extraterritorially to other sovereign nations.
It was therefore held in abeyance.
But if an individual doesn't succeed in shaking it off, his mind is stuck in a permanent state of infancy, and there is a real danger that he will infect the next generation.
There are many ways to do much more within existing structures and available resources in terms of time and money.
You think it's cool just to come into my party and beat up the band?
The representative pointed out that while most of the Convention's provisions were being implemented, coordinated action was required in a number of areas to remove obstacles that hampered social change and the attainment of genuine equality of women and men.
The Committee's July 2001 concluding observations on both these countries reflected the concerns that the Office of the Special Representative had raised in its submissions.
The research will be used to forecast the demand for and the supply of different types of daycare in Northern Ireland over the next five to eight years.
In relation to the violations carried out during the northern corridor attacks, SAF military representatives stated that JEM forces were to be blamed for all damage inflicted on civilians as they used the civilian population as a human shield.
Consequently, the Committee must act during the current session to authorize the Secretary-General to sign a loan agreement with the United States Government, thereby preserving the option of borrowing up to $1.2 billion at an interest rate not to exceed 5.54 per cent per annum.
Ike Epstein.
On 6 March 2003, the Trial Chamber issued an order on translation of certain documents into Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian (B/C/S), being satisfied that this was a language that the accused understood.
The fall of Qaddafi and his authoritarian regime holds great promise for a people bereft of freedom for 42 years. But, with the NTC having stumbled so far, it will have to redouble its efforts to ensure that it wins the peace that it fought so hard to secure.
Source: World Economic Situation and Prospects 2008, table I.1 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.08.II.C.2); Millennium Development Goals Report 2007 (http://mdgs.un.org/unsd/mdg/Resources/Static/Data/Stat%20Annex.pdf).
Agenda item 22 (i)
In its resolution 2003/24, entitled “Work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention, including the management of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund”, the Economic and Social Council invited Member States to make appropriate voluntary contributions to the Fund in order to strengthen the capacity of the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to provide technical assistance to requesting States; and welcomed the efforts being made by the Office to ensure transparency in its work, as well as to maintain a continuous dialogue with Member States, including through appropriate informative documentation, with a view to enhancing its accountability to Member States and to improve the synergy between the activities of its crime and drug programmes.
As the focal point for Target target 11, UN-Habitat uses the term “slum upgrading” to describe a range of actions necessary for improving the lives of slum dwellers.
ScreenWest invests approximately $600,000 directly into Indigenous filmmaking initiatives.
I've seen a lot of them, you know? A bald man...
(Management and Disposition of Russian surplus weapon-grade plutonium)
The 1996 Constitution of Algeria recognizes the Amazigh dimension of Algerian culture and Namibia's Constitution recognizes the Nama language.
When, in 1945, Liberia joined the efforts to establish this Organization in order to bring an end to a global war and to pursue justice and maintain world peace, little did we know that we had subscribed to an insurance policy that, 59 years later, would provide coverage for Liberia and redeem its people and its sovereignty.
We are grateful that it will provide an opportunity for an interactive discussion and an exchange of views on the situation in the Mano River Union subregion.
In this regard, the Committee refers the State party to its general comment No. 5 of 2003 on general measures of implementation for the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Achieving their expeditious entry into force and global implementation is a major task for IMO in order to advance the fight against international terrorism, and their implementation is referenced in more than one planned output in the Organization's High-Level Action Plan.
This actually reminds me. You know all this thing about thighs and bottoms?
While in certain areas positive developments are visible — such as the development of State institutions — in many they are not.
The suspension or termination shall be effective 60 days after such notice, unless the Contractor within such period disputes the Authority's right to suspend or terminate this contract in accordance with Part XI, section 5, of the Convention.
I accept that the wall is causing deplorable suffering to many Palestinians living in that territory.
Under Section 31b of the Fiscal Code (Abgabenordnung, AO) the obligation to report suspicious transactions is extended to the revenue authorities.
Of the 12 war crimes verdicts issued under UNMIK jurisdiction, 8 have been reversed by the Supreme Court.
Arthur, go and get a bucket.
Therefore, this is an area, where a system improvement is desirable and planned.
In 2000, 93 persons received protection at seven shelters for sexual violence victims.
We are talking about the security and the well-being of hundreds of thousands of men, women and children whose only hope now lies in the United Nations and the African Union.
I have made a great decision. I've decided to get married.
seems indisputable... until the shooter comes, until you're Lisa Elliot, covered in blood, watching a little girl take her last breath, watching the light go out of her eyes.
Experts are saying the rate of espionage of this nature... may include some people not aware...
In other cases, however, a clearer element of coercion, including threats to life, health, property and livelihood, exists.
But it'll be different foryou, Sibyl, and that makes me very unhappy.
Cultural industries and initiatives are viewed as an area in which SIDS have comparative advantage which have the potential to diversify SIDS economies and build their resilience while they adjust to changes in the global economy.
And one of the ABBA members. She's blonde.
- It's pretty great.
While the Framework Programme for Equal Integration of Roma in Bulgarian Society was viewed as a positive development, its lack of implementation was regretted (Inter-Ethnic Initiative for Human Rights Foundation).
Mr. Paolillo (Uruguay) (spoke in Spanish): The serious problems affecting the African continent must be a matter of concern for all regions of the world.
Meeting of the Women's Empowerment Network Steering Group Vienna, 31 May 2007
Every year, Japan sponsors a United Nations conference on disarmament in a local city, providing a valuable opportunity for distinguished disarmament experts not only from the Asia and Pacific region but also from around the world to engage in useful discussions.
E. Information and communication technology solutions 13
Tell them that yes, we will negotiate.
As is widely known, Guatemala is privileged and proud to possess sites and monuments that constitute archaeological and historical treasures belonging to the cultural heritage of humanity.
He thanked representatives of member States who had participated in the discussions during the session and also the secretariat, which had provided invaluable guidance and assistance to participants.
It recommended increasing efforts to bring legislation into line with the principle of equality between women and men and to develop human rights education programmes so as to increase citizens' awareness of their rights under international human rights instruments.
Sheldon sent me the books you wrote-- all that nonsense about superegos and ids.
On 28 April 2006, the State party argued that the author's supplementary submission raised certain new issues not raised in the original communication, and requested that, in accordance with the Committee's approach in Jazairi v. Canada, they be declared inadmissible as an abuse of process for not having been raised earlier.
Boss, your phone!
-(Carl) Yes, Paul?
Oh, better him than me, right? - Hey, you got that right.
Israel has been criticized for its singular focus on providing for the security of its people, seemingly disregarding the need for a viable political horizon for the Palestinian people.
Further efforts are needed.
Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006): report of the Second Committee (A/57/534)
The most important government clients and partners in 2008 were the Governments of Afghanistan, India, and Sri Lanka.
The round table was moderated by Juan Somavía, Director-General of the International Labour Organization, who also made a statement.
At 0909 hours, in the open sea off Ra's Naqurah, an Israeli gunboat fired a number of rounds from medium-calibre weapons in the direction of the territorial waters.
I have seen a thing or two, Miss Pearce.
Uruguay does not have a national human rights institution accredited by the International Coordinating Committee of National Institutions (ICC).
The Division will comprise a chief mediator at the D-1 level, two full-time senior mediators at the P-5 level and two General Service (Other level) posts.
She stressed the need to ensure that the authorities responsible for registering marriages were aware of the importance of obtaining the consent of both spouses.
“(a) Takes note of the information provided in document IDB.28/10;
Pursuant to paragraph 3 of resolution 1304 (2000), Rwandan and Ugandan forces have withdrawn from Kisangani, although whether or not they have been redeployed to other areas of confrontation has yet to be ascertained.
The representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran moved for the adjournment of debate on the draft resolution under rule 116 of the rules of procedure.
Right, where shall I put this?
You're not listen, Buddy.
At the same time that Dr. Samuel Mudd is tending to John Wilkes Booth, 50 kilometers away, Abraham Lincoln is dying.
In response to the request of the General Assembly in paragraph 14 of its resolution 62/269, a new and streamlined vendor registration process was implemented in 2008 to facilitate online registration on the United Nations Global Marketplace website.
The total number of multi-year pledges received in 2007 was 69.
The circus is as a drug. If enter in your blood, it is arrested.
In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, MONUC conducted research on the situation of women in the National Police Force.
In addition to ensuring compliance with constitutional and legal norms for the exercise of women's political rights, the Plan provided for promotion of and support for international and national social and institutional initiatives which provided for monitoring of election processes from a gender perspective.
Mr. Chabi (Morocco) (spoke in French): May I begin by thanking you, Sir, for allowing my delegation to exercise its right of reply.
For this purpose it examined the jurisprudence of the International Court of Justice in the Nicaragua case of 1986.
1.7 The Committee takes note of the information provided concerning the KoFIU and would like to know whether it is adequately structured, funded, staffed and provided with sufficient technical and other resources to fully perform its authorized functions.
∗ Submitted to the Trade and Development Board in document TD/B/49/L.1.
The provision was that all citizens of the former GDR who had lost their jobs in the course of the German unification (which includes also public servants who were not
That involved activities such as dialogue and exchanges of views on the civil and individual rights of women; programmes on women and democracy; cooperation with the media to spread awareness of the principle of gender equality; organization of conferences, round tables and seminars with the participation of researchers, political leaders, labour leaders and women's groups to exchange views and establish contacts; publication of newspapers and information bulletins; activities targeting businesswomen to enhance their prestige, disseminate experiences and establish foreign commercial ties; development of women's capacity to participate actively in elections at all levels and improvement of women's representation in elected bodies; and establishment of grass-roots clubs of women voters.
In seeking the realization of justice and the prevalence of the rule of law, one should not forget the need to promote national reconciliation and institutional stability.
You're hopelessly obedient
Selected company rankings based on the 40 disclosure items
Sing a song, Mr. Villiers, sing a song
It's a perfect tumor.
And just because of some - forgive the expression - son of a bitch Surely they can't touch you, believe me!
'That was all they sent. Nothing.
But frameworks are in place for the development of international conservation measures. The Convention on Migratory Species, for example, has a track record of working with countries – as well as international organizations, NGOs, media, and the private sector – to spur coordinated action that meets international standards.
The same as the last one, Trace.
For some time, the enemy has also been strengthening its defences and deploying reinforcements forward along the boundaries.
The Living Environment Improvement projects can be carried out directly by mayors or heads of counties or by the Korea Housing Corporation entrusted by mayors or heads.
The Special Committee had become aware of various negative factors, including the existence of a secret Israeli plan to dramatically change the character of the city of Jerusalem and to put into effect a deliberate policy of curtailing the ability of Palestine to become a fully fledged nation State.
In addition, some EIT Parties continued to subsidize energy consumption for households for social reasons (Czech Republic).
Yeah, some of you are like, "He means yogurt."
The challenge of RFMO reform or modernization has been taken up in various ways: IATTC negotiated a new constitutive agreement known as the Antigua Convention (key provisions are shown in italics in the IATTC matrix in the appendix) that will replace the existing IATTC Convention when it comes into force.
Participation in the work of international organizations
I'll wait here for you, but if they want me to move, I'll come in and look for you.
In this context, my Special Representative and his Deputies have met with the religious leaders of Ethiopia and Eritrea and have offered every support to their initiative to meet at a location in the border area.
We invite all those delegations in a position to do so to co-sponsor the draft resolution and would welcome the broadest possible support for it.
{\bord0\shad0\alphaH3D}She's a bit young, isn't she?
Mark Loddon didn't come back from the war.
On 18 September, the National Steering Committee endorsed the strategic framework for peacebuilding in Guinea-Bissau.
Brunei Darussalam acceded to the Agreement on Information Exchange and Establishment of Communication Procedures on 16 June 2003.
She's, uh... out.
Assistance and protection for the latter would be in accordance with the cluster approach.
The patient wrote this letter when she first arrived.
To determine the movements' readiness, Mr. Salim, I and our team have been out in the field and have consulted extensively with the leaders of the movements during December and January through missions to Darfur, Juba and locations outside the Sudan.
5.5 With respect to the complainant's political activities, he concedes that such activities were “low key” but considered sufficiently dangerous for the Iranian authorities to detain him, even if he was subsequently released.
If opium production is not curbed, it will compromise the chances of getting the country on track.
When are you guys gonna give up?
Same? Say what? Are you sure?
- Yeah.
The State of Qatar should like to draw the International Law Commission's attention to the fact that the distinguishing feature of non-governmental human rights organizations, which would be covered by draft article 13, is independence.
Mr. Sattar orally revised the last preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 1.
In case of arrest, charges with the reasons for accusation must, without delay, be communicated and explained to the accused in writing, and a provisional dossier must be forwarded to the competent judicial authorities within a maximum of 24 hours so that the preliminaries to the trial can be completed as swiftly as possible.
All four alleged perpetrators were arrested between 3 and 4 September 1993 in relation to the crime.
The trouble is... you do quite clearly
In China, a national strategic sanitation forum was held and the Minister of Health proposed the integration of rural sanitation into the new socialist countryside (NSC) policy.
The amount of announced funds should prove to be decisive for the effort of rebuilding the country's economy and infrastructure.
The term “conduct” is intended to cover both acts and omissions on the part of the international organization.
Above all, the United Nations and the many friends of Timor-Leste in the international community must lay the groundwork that will enable the Timorese people to take responsibility for their own affairs.
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolutions 2002/68 of 25 April 2002,See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 3 (E/2002/23), chap. II, sect. A. 2003/30 of 23 April 2003,Ibid., 2003, Supplement No. 3 (E/2003/23), chap. II, sect. A. 2004/88 of 22 April 2004Ibid., 2004, Supplement No. 3 (E/2004/23), chap. II, sect. A. and 2005/64 of 20 April 2005,Ibid., 2005, Supplement No. 3 and corrigendum (E/2005/23 and Corr.1), chap. II, sect. A. by which the international community put into effect mechanisms for the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action,
) Publications of the Federal Ministry for Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth on equality policy topics
You were expecting a call from GLAC about an hour ago.
In doing so, they have placed road safety very high on the political agenda, where it will remain, since they have also acknowledged that improving road safety requires a continuous effort.
There must be some way... to make that morally bankrupt scientist talk!
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2000, Supplement No. 12 (E/2000/32).
Some matters of concern have, however, been emphasized in the reports on individual organizations regarding outstanding advances and cash assistance provided to implementing partners, terms of reference for project auditors, country office follow-up action of project auditors' findings, and the quantification of qualified audit opinions of project auditors.
We at the United Nations are duty-bound to do what compassion and human decency demand of us.
The full representation of women's groups at all levels of peace negotiations is vital to building sustainable peace and security.
CEDAW/C/JOR/CO/4, paras 9 and 10.
• any impediments under your domestic law in this context and steps taken to address them.
The Panel was appointed in pursuance of paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 59/60 of 3 December 2004.
Report by the Secretariat of the Council of Arab Economic Unity
Well, you have a choice of Café Lolita, or tequila, or crème de menthe.
The era of low interest rates that followed the decision in 1995 to introduce the euro inflated a massive credit bubble in southern eurozone countries, which was sustained until the end of 2013. During this time, Italy became 25% more expensive (on the basis of its GDP deflator) than its eurozone trading partners.
No. You are not weaseling out of this this time, you...
Takes note of the funding estimates for the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process specified by the Executive Secretary (US$ 3,356,200 for the biennium 2002-2003), and invites Parties to make contributions to this fund (see table 7 below);
There is no doubt in my mind that the strongest deterrent to attacks on United Nations personnel is the swift application of justice by Member States, and I must once again call upon those States to take this responsibility seriously.
But he never come back.
All excellent fuel as they hurry to rear the next generation.
Therefore, the Arab Group calls for greater dialogue, tolerance and understanding among civilizations, cultures, peoples and religions and for the criminalization of disrespect for and defamation of religions and the desecration of their symbols, since such acts serve to incite hate, which could lead to terrorism.
Casual vacancy
It became a bloody reality.
[ LAUGHS ] excuse me?
The Counter-Terrorism Act, 2000, and the Extradition of Offenders Act, 2000, both provide explicitly for the application of the international instruments to cases of extradition, just as the latter provides, in its article 9 (1), that terrorist crimes are to be considered extraditable offences.
(c) Timely responses from Member States to provide data and statistical information; collaboration of Member States, experts and institutes; availability of specialized expertise; and availability of and access to data;
Election of the Chairman for the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly
In particular, the large number of women who have registered and their expectation of becoming a viable part of the political process are both welcome and encouraging signs for the future.
Embedding is our tendency to latch on to the first bit of information that we're offered and overlooking, or even ignoring, contradictory information.
And I'll buy you some new clothes too.
Here again, the role of UNAMI, in cooperation with the Iraqi Government, is important, as shown by the establishment of an ad hoc follow-up mechanism within the Iraqi Ministry for Foreign Affairs.
In addition to the economic and political dimensions of subsistence activities, the physical and spiritual well-being of the peoples concerned, in particular indigenous peoples, must be given due attention.
In the view of his delegation, the draft articles adopted on second reading were well balanced and took full account of State practice, case law and legal doctrine in the field.
Ask them really interesting questions.
The independent expert makes the recommendations as set out below.
So... let's just be happy.
The expert may also serve as an expert witness for the Office of the Prosecutor.
It was contended that the role of the State in this matter was underpinned by its obligation to conduct activities within its jurisdiction or control in a manner so as not to cause transboundary environmental harm.
Is there anything bad about them?
The UNOPS Offices of Finance and Organizational Effectiveness are working on this objective, as a matter of priority, as part of the broader initiative to re-evaluate internal processes and update accordingly.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the triennial review of the implementation of recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its thirty-eighth session on the evaluation of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (A/53/16, __)
You--you've been without assignments before.
“(b) To include the relevant parts of reports of treaty bodies and special procedures of the Commission on Human Rights in his annual report on confidential and non-confidential communications to the Commission on the Status of Women;
CRC/C/15/Add.259, paras. 60 and 61.
While maintaining French as the only official language, the Seoul Congress in 1994 decided that English would be the second working language of the International Bureau.
If I had a gun right now, I'd kill you.
Montserrat is volcanic and very mountainous, with a rugged coastline.
The wife and daughter held renewable visitor's visas valid until 15 August 2007.
The Committee is also concerned that neither the Constitution nor other domestic legislation contains a definition of discrimination against women, in accordance with article 1 of the Convention.
The nationalist government that followed, which established the Republic of China, also failed to address the tension between centralization and fragmentation – what the macro-historian Ray Huang called China’s “mathematical unmanageability.” Indeed, it never developed the property-rights infrastructure or the monetary and fiscal policies needed in a family-dominated agrarian economy with an elite-run government.
It had been intended that there would be 2,800 of them by 2005, but the report said that only 1,626 units were currently in operation; would that shortfall be covered by the current year?
You can't come around like this. The court says you can't.
Not in my pocket, in a bank account. Ok?
Further reports (A/57/158 and Add.1 and 2 and A/58/125) were submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh and fifty-eighth sessions in response to resolution 56/186 of 21 December 2001, reflecting the responses of 29 Member States providing information on progress made in the implementation of the resolution or updating replies that had appeared in the previous report.
($180,300)
The Staff College's new statutes should allow it to obtain a firm financial commitment from its clients through the provision of high quality services; it was therefore reasonable that it should be funded by the United Nations bodies to which it provided services.
Section 2 Content of applications
Neither are persons allowed to remove from a customs warehouse or from a police station any firearm unless and until such firearm has been engraved, or otherwise been clearly marked and bearing a valid firearm licence authorizing the possession of such firearm or a firearms dealer's certificate: Sections 14 and 15.
It becomes a weapon of war, particularly against vulnerable groups, be they women (see addendum 2 to this report, on Bangladesh) or ethnic or religious minorities (see the report of the Special Rapporteur on his mission to Pakistan (E/CN.4/1996/95/Add.1)), or simply non-obscurantist intellectual minorities.
The projected travel costs, related exclusively for implementation activities at offices away from Headquarters, show an increase of $395,600, owing to the higher number of staff assigned to pre-implementation and implementation activities at those offices.
You know, I always did think you were pretty cute.
Estimates of the impact of AIDS usually do not take into account the loss of “social capital” or the long-term damage accruing to human capital as a consequence of HIV/AIDS.
Taking note of the report of the High Commissioner for Human Rights on “Combating defamation of religions” (A/HRC/4/50),
And here's the bus ticket you bought for me.
• The Court exercises its jurisdiction over persons on the crime of aggression (articles 1, 5 and 25 of the Statute);
Go straight up to Tsukamoto's penthouse.
The beneficiaries are to contribute one (1) percent of the cost of the project.
UNIFEM shares the views of Ms. King and fully supports her work to mainstream gender in peace support operations.
13 The Committee invited the State party to submit its seventh periodic report, which is due in September 2006, and its eighth periodic report, due in September 2010, in a combined report in 2010.
In addition, in accordance with a request by the Economic and Social Council (see Council resolution 1999/51), the Commission will have before it a draft multi-year programme of work for 2004-2007.
Can I see that? It's, uh, way beyond what we sometimes see with crimes of passion or extreme anger.
Tired and scared with black and blue marks on my elbows from trying to fit through all these tiny elf doorways.
1. Reaffirms the urgent need to reach an early agreement on effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons;
[ROBOTICS CLUB]
The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/57/L.36.
I bet you didn't think about her for a second.
I gave him some negatives, I have to pick them up.
Bhutan, Cambodia, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Ghana, Guatemala, Kenya, Lebanon, Liberia, Malawi, Mauritania, Morocco, Niger, Peru, Republic of Korea, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, United Republic of Tanzania, Zambia.
The Convention for the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, signed at Montreal on 23rd September 1971;
You better go to bed, Mrs. Gibbs. What about you?
Information on these issues is disseminated in four indigenous languages through the mass media (radio and television), pamphlets and other written materials.
While in South Africa, Mr. Onusumba held talks with representatives of the African National Congress party, which had indicated its desire to support the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The RCD leader also met with the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Independent Electoral Commission in South Africa, for discussions on the feasibility of establishing similar institutions in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Finally, he visited the neutral facilitator in Gaborone.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I now call on the representative of Azerbaijan.
This varies depending on several parameters, including the region, the country and the political, economic, social and cultural factors and interests concerned.
Slovenia commended the hard work and impressive developments in the country in all areas.
The last periodic report comments at length on the right to work.
IUMI believes that the fire exemption should be deleted.
Furthermore, BIVAC did not furnish its monthly accounts for the past three years for verification, as the Panel had requested.
And, um, she wants you to know that she is not at all scared.
I don't like this game, anymore.
End-of-service payments relate to the cost of accrued annual leave, repatriation grant, repatriation travel and the removal of household goods in respect of all eligible staff.
SEAN: The Mona Lisa. Right, right, right.
The Working Group having completed its deliberations regarding draft articles 17, 17 bis and 17 ter, a drafting group was established by the Secretariat to implement decisions by the Working Group and ensured consistency between the various language versions of the text.
With those words, the Charter freed the world from the notion that only States matter.
She says you should lighten up for the sake of your health.
Whoever left the road would perish in the desert
I got everything you wanted.
The Mission has noted shortcomings in the implementation of justice in East Timor (see above), given the absence of any capacity in this field when UNTAET started up.
A farm owner told the High Commissioner that Israeli soldiers had destroyed his greenhouses and his family residence during the night of 29 October.
I mean, no, not as a verb. As a verb in other arenas than froodpreparation? - What do you mean?
The Committee regrets that the new draft Personal and Family Code still does not adequately address these concerns in conformity with the Convention.
The reforms that have been undertaken and implemented in recent years have already done much to strengthen and revitalize the Organization.
Jenny, what about you?
The Department of Field Support retains all operational activities associated with logistics and field mission support in addition to management of operations within the United Nations Logistics Base/Site B (proposed) facilities. Operational activities include:
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “Preventing the acquisition by terrorists of radioactive materials and sources” (under agenda item 98 (e)) (First Committee) (convened by the delegation of France)
- We're really ready to be picked up right now.
That kid was practically dead when he got here, and I pulled half of his car out of him, so he lived.
In addition, the Chamber has confirmed indictments, issued related orders and presided over initial appearances in the matter of Prosecutor v. Augustin Bizimungu (ICTR-2000-56-I), Prosecutor v. Jean Baptiste Gatete (ICTR-2000-61-I) and Prosecutor v. Hategekimana (ICTR-2000-55).
And JGSDA helicopters circle over the heads of the refugees...
Please also provide information on how many of these murders are investigated, and how many of them result in the conviction of the perpetrator.
to the United Nations in Vienna
Since the beginning of the programme on 8 April, a total of 82,001 Afghans have been assisted to return to Afghanistan in 61 convoys.
(a) Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination;
travelbybullettrainto travelbybullettrainto nagano. Nagano. Being in a singles group, it's
The overall objective of the establishment of a Special Education Unit is to contribute to the educational reform in Kosovo by developing an inclusive educational system.
The State party is encouraged to increase its efforts to develop family education and awareness through, inter alia, providing support, including training for parents, especially those in “visiting” and “common law” relationships, in parental guidance and joint parental responsibilities, in the light of article 18 of the Convention.
All right, Irene, come on.
Mr. Kuchinsky (Ukraine): Let me join previous speakers in congratulating the Pakistani presidency on the convening of today's open debate on this crucial issue.
I said, "we don't have a child together.
I would like now to move on to the fight against the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons, and point out that Switzerland is convinced that the United Nations Programme of Action to Prevent, Combat and Eradicate the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects is a major achievement.
Mr. Fu wants to see you.
(b) Having either of the following characteristics:
He received the maximum applicable sentence, namely five years' imprisonment, and was discharged from the army.
Special mention should be made of the role of women in indigenous, local and farming communities.
In the Strategic Framework for 2000-2015 of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), disaster reduction is identified as one of the important strategies to address the needs of member States, with specific reference to the eradication of food insecurity and rural poverty.
the Legislative Council which must be held at least every 12 months.
In addition, major groups continued to interact with experts and delegates throughout thematic discussions.
The United Nations Survey might have limited applicability in making policy at the national level but was useful for evidence-based policy research.
Members of the Council have before them document S/2002/1239, which contains the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraphs 7 and 8 of Security Council resolution 1409 (2002).
I will fear no evil ♪
Lots of human interest.
Without going into them further at this stage, it should be pointed out that the range of secretariat services envisaged in the Rules of Procedure is applicable not only to the Assembly but also to its subsidiary bodies, of which three are envisaged at present either by the Statute (the Bureau), the draft Rules of Procedure (the Credentials Committee) or a specific resolution under consideration by the Assembly (the Committee on Budget and Finance).
The G-21 expresses concern at the threat to humanity posed by the continued existence of nuclear weapons and of their possible use or threat of use.
As we look to further enhance UNAMA's ability to deliver on its mandate, it will be important to measure accurately the progress of the Mission and its role in delivering our shared objective, as well as that of the broader international effort.
You didn't know
That the procedure provided for in paragraphs 6-9 of the present decision is exceptional and applies only in 2005, unless the Parties decide otherwise;
• 2001: financial problems did not permit participation in the session of the Commission on the Status of Women or in the special session of the General Assembly devoted to children.
(b) Control of precursors
Is it possible that these stories, along with the ancient texts of India and the stories of the Bible, are all describing alien visitations?
What do you want me to do? I want you to quit, Ray.
The restoration of peace and justice in El Salvador, Timor-Leste and Kosovo would not have been possible without the commitment of the United Nations.
Remember what l said about the rupee
Start the car! Head east.
The Report was published by the United Nations in Geneva in 2006.
The Chamber may order the measures outlined in paragraph (g) if it considers it appropriate in the particular circumstances.
She's even got connections inside the Lucas camp.
On sale !
(a) If he has committed a crime against humanity;
- Kai...
Although the Master and Doctoral level students are divided equally between men and women, men have a much greater chance to reach the position of dissertation and thesis supervisor.
Fifth report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The prosecution service's alleged refusal to receive the complaint would in no way have prevented the complainant from filing the complaint by any means that would leave a written record.
The last great barrier to the spread of man is erased.
In preparation for the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives is facilitating a worldwide review of local government progress in implementing Agenda 21 and other protocols adopted at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
I've seen too many Democrats bite the dust because they wouldn't get down in the mud with the fucking elephants.
Oh, you wanna play? All right.
The Paraguayan Civil Service has been conducting training workshops to familiarize civil servants who will be responsible for exercising these functions.
The fact that a question relating to a particular pillar is under consideration shall not prevent the Field Offices staff from continuing work on other pillars.
- What did you sell it for? .
All yours, Herb.
Hundreds of stores selling manufactured goods and food in both urban and rural areas throughout the country, department stores and rural shops known as “people's stores” have been sabotaged, destroyed or looted by terrorist agents working for the United States Government, including members of the armed mercenary gangs organized and supported by the CIA in the 1960s.
At a public meeting on 25 April the Council was addressed by Sima Samar, Vice-Chairman of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan and Minister for Women.
Programme performance of the United Nations for the biennium 2006-2007
For the Latin America and the Caribbean region, LUCF is reported to be a net source of emissions.
All the religions in the world are fully capable to maintain their values and adapt to this new world.
The number of people aged two or over who could speak, read, write or understand Gaelic was recorded for the first time and found to be 92,396, or 1.9 per cent of the population.
The organization acts as an arbitrator in the settlement of disputes arising out of commercial transactions, communicates and organizes periodic meetings with government officials on matters raised by members, organizes trade and industrial missions with members, specialists and entrepreneurs both in India and abroad, and arranges meetings with foreign trade and industrial teams visiting India.
The advisory services of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime in relation to United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice should be enhanced.
You are, by far, the most normal person at the FBI, so, you're really the only person in the world
ii. Future (including after-acquired) assets
Finally, OIOS noted that opportunities for exchanges of knowledge and experience and lessons learned in civil-military coordination within and between contingents were very limited, although such interaction would be a valuable addition to the more institutionalized training curriculum.
You're here as the first American captured in Afghanistan.
Well, if the buck stops here... the buck stops here.
The Government of Iraq renews its call to the States involved in the aggression to halt these acts forthwith, since they are unsupported by international law, violate the sovereignty of Iraq and pose a grave threat to that country's security and peace, in addition to representing a direct and serious menace to international peace and security.
(b) States parties should ensure that laws against family violence and abuse, rape, sexual assault and other gender-based violence give adequate protection to all women, and respect their integrity and dignity.
Unfortunately, Bo’s case is not the exception in China, but the rule. Contrary to the prevailing perception in the West (especially among business leaders), the current Chinese government is riddled with clever apparatchiks like Bo who have acquired their positions through cheating, corruption, patronage, and manipulation.
I'd say you nailed it.
I would like to begin by thanking Under-Secretary-General Pascoe for his briefing on the important work undertaken by the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) and extend our appreciation through him to all our United Nations colleagues on the ground in Iraq for their ongoing dedication and hard work.
You know how much l love you.
(b) The Government of Iraq has accepted a second visit by the Special Rapporteur;
Action taken by the Committee under agenda item 8
You had quite a long relationship with your boyfriend.
IRC has worked with United Nations and intergovernmental partners to support policy development and capacity-building within the EU institutions, including in the context of the European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights and the work of the Forum on Children and Families of the Council of Europe.
Hence, provisions are made for convening meetings away from established United Nations offices to cover rental of premises ($91,100); rental of interpretation and office automation equipment ($76,700); communications ($16,000); miscellaneous support services ($32,900) required on site during those meetings and conferences, as well as during the annual exhibit on the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People in New York organized under the auspices of the Committee; and other miscellaneous operating expenses ($32,100), such as rental of vehicles and fuel.
Businesses that are “selling sex” such as services to prostitute oneself that are not regulated by measures against special sex entertainment businesses stipulated in the revised Law on Control and Improvement of Amusement and Entertainment Business are strictly regulated under the Anti-Prostitution Law and others.
- Something artistic. - Don't yell...
- Avete visto quei due inglesi?
If you really want to be a teacher.
- Yeah, sure. - Thanks a lot, man.
UNCDF will remain a recognized leader in decentralization and local development and will leverage its local-development policy-pilots to have a major impact on the MDGs from a local perspective.
We are convinced that military means for resolving the Congo problem do not exist.
In last year's sustainable fisheries resolution (resolution 61/105), our nations banded together to protect vulnerable marine ecosystems from deep sea bottom trawling, a destructive fishing practice responsible for 95 per cent of worldwide damage to seamounts.
In the political declaration,8 Governments agreed “to assess regularly further implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action with a view to bringing together all parties involved in 2005 to assess progress and consider new initiatives, as appropriate, 10 years after the adoption of the Beijing Platform for Action and twenty years after the adoption of the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women”.
Fifteen armed men with me to the main gate.
But you had to know that I would go one more time to just explain everything.
I told her not to. It's no big deal.
Several interviewees characterized the monitoring and evaluation systems in the Secretariat as still weak, and recognized that programme and subprogramme strategic planning and monitoring were not as systematic as they should be.
An interesting trend was the increase in services to governments from 7.2 per cent of total revenues to 14.8 per cent.
Article 7 of the Convention is designed to ensure full compliance with the Convention.
I nearly swallowed it, grazing the delicious seaweed there and I brought it home.
While stressing their willingness to continue to work with the coordinator of the informal consultations, they stated that the concerns of the States members of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries on the draft convention, which had been reiterated on many occasions in the past, still remained.
There were at least two important reasons for this: the prevailing international economic system is not favourable to African countries; and the continent is still faced with significant domestic problems, such as low domestic savings and weak infrastructures.
Stressing the need for capacity-building initiatives aimed at institution-building, human resources development, strengthening financial management and in harnessing the power of information and technology,
And I couldn't even tell anyone because I thought my mom would worry...
At the seventeenth session of its annual meeting, held on 12 April 2006, ICC established a Working Group to examine the process used to accredit NHRIs and to develop a discussion paper for the ICC on the matter.
The President of the sixty-third session of the General Assembly has the honour to transmit to Member States as a document of the Assembly the present concept note on “The Global Food Crisis and the Right to Food” prepared by the Special Rapporteur on the right to food, Professor Olivier De Schutter (Belgium).
It should be noted that, to date, no new weapons have been discovered in the Force's area of operations.
Already at the fountain? Quick.
(b) The scrutinizing of existing laws and administrative acts, as well as draft bills and other proposals, to ensure that they are consistent with the requirements of the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights;
I think it should come out, but it's five minutes earlier than you said...
In this regard, it encourages the Secretary-General to take steps to employ staff in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Field Support who are competent in the Secretariat's working languages.
It was at the request of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Egypt that the item entitled “Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East” was first inscribed on the agenda of the General Assembly in 1974.
- She didn't take her medication today.
Those recommendations were based on the progress made since the first session of the Committee, held in 1980.
Ibid., pp. 116-120.
These institutions are under obligation to report any suspicious transfers without delay to the Special Investigation Commission, which, after auditing the bank accounts to or from which the transfers are made, may decide, as appropriate, to lift banking secrecy from the accounts in question, place an immediate freeze on the account balances and notify both local and foreign authorities accordingly.
An Egyptian man who marries a foreign women and acquires her nationality loses his Egyptian nationality, but may retain his Egyptian nationality for himself, his wife and his minor children by expressing his desire to do so.
2008 Parliamentary Hearing on “Towards effective peacekeeping and the prevention of conflict -- Delivering on our commitments” (jointly organized by the Inter-Parliamentary Union and the Office of the President of the General Assembly)
Ms. Kim said that, on the whole, the new institutional machinery for the advancement of women appeared to be in order, and the participation of women in drafting the new Constitution was particularly welcome.
On its part, the Islamic Republic of Iran, following thorough and proficient studies and considerations, has carefully prepared a package containing important initiatives and proposals in different political, security, economic and nuclear fields, to be submitted to the countries of the 5+1 Group.
And at that moment, the dog transformed into the Buddha of love and kindness.
He claims that he was tricked into acknowledging the debt as a way of regularizing his position in the company.
It is a basic principle that a person who voluntarily enters and resides in the territory of a foreign State must comply with the conditions of stay or residence in that State, including acceptance of its legal institutions and rules.
The Act establishes the Food Safety Commission whose principal function is to act swiftly by issuing public statements if a risk to consumers is identified and to enforce standards and practices in relation to food business, food premises and persons operating in the food business.
Controlled but comprehensive supply of the Gaza Strip would discourage tunnel trafficking and allow for effective measures against the smuggling of weapons through the tunnels, thereby also contributing to the security of Israel.
The CBSA is awaiting the finalization of the associated regulations and their coming into force in order to fully implement the UN Protocol and the WCO Recommendations.
Ah ... l like ...
Freddy! Look what you found.
It was stated that registration could undermine retention-of-title transactions that were based on concepts shared by a number of European countries and reflected in European Union legislation.
We look forward to working closely with the United Nations in turning this vision into reality.
A portion of such costs, which would have been borne by the General Fund, were released to be reprogrammed towards core diplomatic training activities.
Roy! l got to check on something .
Ms. Veronika Pastrnakova, Secretary, Section of Civil and Political Rights, Council for Human Rights of the Government
In that respect, it is very important to complete the process of staffing and budgeting the special war crimes chamber of Bosnia and Herzegovina's State Court while taking into account the considerable workload to be put before it in the near future.
No need, no need ...
Hi, yes, I'm calling to see if a prescription was purchased for ethembutol?
Identical letters dated 6 February 2001 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and to the President of the Security Council
Reasons of the above kind have led many international lawyers to support the procedural position.
Harry? You'll never guess what's happened.
I'll call him and be like, "Hey! ".
“c) Currently, this dialogue is quite weak and should be strengthen.
I'll go and call them up.
New York, 12-20 September 2000
In particular, the implementation of activities through a subregional approach and through the United Nations country national teams was considered more effective.
Survive for 12 hours!
At this stage, I would also like to add that the active contribution of the Council of Europe concerning the electoral process in Kosovo in preparation for the recent municipal elections has also been remarkable.
- That's how they've lasted so long.
Handstand?
The creation of special agencies and institutions restricted to representatives of these forces within the agencies and institutions operating in the framework of the concerned international organizations for example, the European Parliament and Pan-African Parliament.
You cannot have anything in my locker. l take it all back.
The views expressed during the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.6/58/SR.4 and 21).
I've been interested in finding out whether there could be any impact on the security situation.
Replace the words “To improve” with the words “To continue striving towards an enhanced coordinating role vis-à-vis alternative service providers, with the aim of improving”.
We never came up with a black hole.
By applying that strategy, the Government of Senegal had been able to make significant progress, especially in literacy among women.
This carries the potential for unintended human rights abuses and even the deliberate misuse of the term.
- Much too long.
I helped you escape from K-20.
Um... (MURMURING IN SPANISH)
Toye!
In this context, reference was also made to the need for UNODC to coordinate closely with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the Secretariat and the United Nations Development Programme its technical cooperation in countries emerging from conflict, in order to avoid a possible drain on its resources and duplication of the work of other United Nations entities.
And kill my only child?
The Council expressed sadness and pain at the Arab and Islamic peoples' loss of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques, the late King Fahd Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, along with appreciation for his glorious deeds and great benevolence that strengthened the Council and supported the aspirations of its peoples, and for the role of the departed, may God have mercy upon him, in the service of Arab and Islamic causes and the family of nations.
Friendship? No.
Similar provisions are in common article 5, paragraph 1, of both International Covenants on Human Rights, the American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man (arts. 29-38), the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (art. 10, para. 2), the American Convention on Human Rights (arts. 13, 17 and 32) and the African Charter of Human and People's Rights (arts.
During 2008, 1,518 new Israeli structures were constructed in the West Bank, 61 per cent of them west of the barrier and 39 per cent east of it.
I'm starting to believe them.
It's probably heading north, maybe even migrating with scoters.
Greenhouse gas emissions and removals should be presented on a gas-by-gas basis in units of mass with emissions by sources listed separately from removals by sinks, except in cases where it may be technically impossible to separate information on sources and sinks in the areas of land use, land-use change and forestry.
I don't think that the average priest... is that clever.
The gains made in Kosovo over the past year must be consolidated in the context of creating a multi-ethnic society with multi-ethnic institutions.
The Advisory Committee was informed that payments of $55,174,000 had been made to Member States in respect of troop cost reimbursement up to 31 October 2006 and that unliquidated obligations up to 31 December 2006 amounted to $8,441,000.
∗∗ Term expires on 28 February 2007.
I need to finish reading "Don Quixote".
The IFF is one of the mechanisms identified by the technical group's first report issued in September 2004 and served as the basis for the discussions held at the world leaders meeting on “Action Against Hunger and Poverty”.
I must have read several thousand pages.
I'd like it back this time.
Our panel discussed obstacles to effectively addressing stigma and discrimination.
The President: The next speaker is the representative of Burundi.
The Commission will have before it the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2002/102).
But this restatement of positive law does not address the question of “equality of arms”.
As part of its readiness for inspection in Iraq, the Commission's experts continue to work on the delineation and classification of sites in Iraq that have been subject to inspections in the past and may be in the future.
Yeah. Thanks for everything.
I'm gonna have to take your computer.
Tamaz Sirbiladze is a resident of the village of Variani, Gori District.
Clarifications were also given on a number of issues.
Summary record of the 39th meeting
Issues addressed under the agenda include the institutional framework, regional cooperation and coordination, legislative measures, development of operations and capacity, information exchange and record-keeping, aspects related to control, seizures, forfeitures, distribution, collection and destruction of firearms, and public awareness of the issue of small arms.
They ran one of them pipes in there, she farted, it was over.
J. Item 12 of the provisional agenda: Guidelines for disclosure of interest for groups such as the Technology and Economic Assessment Panel and its technical options committees
I know that I need to be more courageous.
There were a number of joint programmes and parallel activities between UNDP and UNIFEM.
In 2003, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (CERD) strongly recommended that the State ratify the amendments to article 8, paragraph 6, of the Convention, and noted that it had not yet made the optional declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, which recognizes the competence of the Committee to receive and consider communications from individuals or groups of individuals.
Turning now to economic issues, the ability of the Government of Iraq to spend its resources, to provide essential services and to promote economic development is progressing.
In addition, the inter-agency project on capacity building of national machineries for governance with a gender perspective in Latin America, designed by ECLAC and to be implemented during 2002-2004 with funds from the Development Account, would suggest collaboration with the Division for the Advancement of Women of the United Nations Secretariat and ECA, which have implemented a similar project in Africa.
3) social insurance and assistance;
Oh, I don't know if you've heard, but there's terrorists in the world.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the Commissioner-General, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
Indeed, the task of helping countries to strengthen democratic institutions and good governance has become an indispensable part of the work of the United Nations system.
The committee is a forum to gather constructive ideas on the more efficient dissemination of international humanitarian law and to channel them to the competent authorities. It also organizes workshops and seminars for the public on current issues of international humanitarian law.
I truly thought I was gonna have to shoot him right there.
My delegation looks forward to the forthcoming Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which will provide us with a welcome opportunity to engage in in-depth consideration of ways and means to address the challenges posed to the global nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation regime.
MONUC is assisting the International Committee for Support to the Transition, whose aim is to help the Congolese parties apply the terms of the agreements reached.
(i) Past Landmine Impact Surveys may have overstated or misrepresented the geographical extent of the mine problem.
Thank you, Schiffer.
Article 139 typifies the offence of pimping as leading another person into prostitution in the following situations: when the latter is under 18 years of age; when he/she is between 18 and 20 years of age, taking advantage of his/her lack of protection, trust or naivety; or when the person is between 18 and 20 years of age, and his/her education is the responsibility of the offender. The crime of procuring is typified as the exploitation of a person working in prostitution.
At its 39th plenary meeting, on 22 July 2008, the Economic and Social Council, recalling its resolution 2006/42 of 27 July 2006 on smoke-free United Nations premises, recommended that the General Assembly at its sixty-third session consider the recommendations set out in that resolution.
SHANGHAI – China’s “Two Sessions” – the annual gatherings of the National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference held every March – have always drawn global attention. But the meetings this year seemed particularly significant, owing not only to the country’s leadership transition, but also to its economic slowdown amid calls for deeper reform.
- May I be excused, please?
On the other hand, the daily barrage of illegal threats relating to the resort to force by officials of the Israeli regime, recent instances of which started in December 2003 and continue to date, requires urgent and serious attention by the Council.
I was trying to save your damn kid.
Were the Council to choose this option, in the event that the parties were unwilling or unable to agree upon a division of the Territory by 1 November 2002, the Personal Envoy would also be asked thereafter to show the parties a proposal for division of the Territory that would also be presented to the Council.
Paragraph 1 requests the Government of Iraq “to provide the Commission with information about claims against Iraq in national courts or other fora for losses that would also be eligible for compensation by the Commission, and about compensation awarded for such claims”.
Indigenous individuals and peoples have the right to enjoy fully all rights established under applicable international and domestic labour law.
And he wanted to be just like you.
He commended the objectivity of the report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied by Israel since 1967 (A/59/256) and hoped that the report would lead to action that would put an end to the Israeli practices that violated international humanitarian law and the elementary rules of humanity.
Warfare may, however, affect transboundary aquifers as well as the protection and utilization thereof by aquifer States.
Mr. Frommelt (Liechtenstein) said that, while his country had supported the draft resolution, it could not become a sponsor owing to the changes in paragraph 18.
The secondary standard-setting on implementation will be of considerable assistance to the treaty bodies and the special procedures, on condition that it takes into account the principles which they have already established.
All interested delegations are invited to attend. ]
Factors and difficulties.
We have drinking-yoghurt, juice, beer.
Total unpaid assessed contributions as at 30 June 2002 amounting to $48.7 million reflect a decrease of $71.4 million.
Judgements are broadcast live in Rwanda by means of a telephone link to Radio Rwanda.
Oxfam, press release “Lebanese farmers in crisis after month of war”, 31 August 2006.
Let's get a drink!
(e) Revenue derived from staff assessment not otherwise disposed of by specific resolution of the General Assembly shall be credited to the Tax Equalization Fund established by General Assembly resolution 973 A (X).
In the words of the Committee, “even where the available resources are demonstrably inadequate, the obligation remains for a State party to strive to ensure the widest possible enjoyment of the relevant rights under the prevailing circumstances”.
Measures for enhanced protection of relief workers should be further strengthened both from within the inter-agency system and by Member States.
However, regardless of who will form the future Governments, they should be led by the mandate of the people to implement the Peace Agreement and to speed up democratization and economic recovery.
Deeply committed to being a part of the solution to this crisis, Indonesia is sending an 850-strong mechanized infantry battalion to form part of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL), as mandated by Security Council resolution 1701 (2006).
Look, Adam...
Notes the undertaking of the States parties to foster international cooperation for peaceful purposes in the field of chemical activities of the States parties and the importance of that cooperation and its contribution to the promotion of the Convention as a whole;
Mr. Yáñez-Barnuevo (Spain) (spoke in Spanish): Spain is gratified by the unanimous adoption of resolution 1566 (2004), of which, with other members of the Council, it was a sponsor.
Songshaw Holdings?
Decision RC-2/3 on non-compliance was adopted by the Conference and is contained in annex I to the present report.
In every breath feel more alive. To keep the storm at bay
Annex I
Role of Women in Peace-Making and Peace Agreements
In this context, we attach particular importance to the denial of safe haven to terrorists and to their extradition.
Two panel discussions were held.
It's a freakin' circus out there.
(2) the total number of Mission parking spaces provided by the City of New York may be reduced by two for each Mission that has 65 or more outstanding notices of parking violation that (i) were issued on or after November 1, 2002 to vehicles with “D” series license plates registered to such Mission or such Mission's personnel, and (ii) are unanswered for more than one hundred (100) days from issuance or unsatisfied for more than seven (7) days after decision, provided that the loss of a second space will not occur before August 1, 2003.
To be held on Tuesday, 29 April 2003, at 3.30 p.m.
Recalling also its resolutions 57/204 and 57/205 of 18 December 2002,
b Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Swaziland, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
This fucking sucks. And NASA,
Bartolomé Clavero
(f) “Property” shall mean assets of every kind, whether corporeal or incorporeal, movable or immovable, tangible or intangible, and legal documents or instruments evidencing title to or interest in such assets;
Both United Nations tribunals had criticized the methods used by the Task Force and OIOS, and had stated that the person in question had been denied due process.
Estimated requirements for reimbursement of major equipment for the financial period 2001-2002 are estimated at $12,644,700.
Reaffirming all its previous resolutions and statements pertaining to the situation between Ethiopia and Eritrea, and the requirements contained therein, including in particular resolution 1507 (2003) of 12 September 2003,
Statistical table showing Israeli violations during November 2008
They've got remote-control window shade there's a TV in every room, but there's also a room just for watching TV.
Table 4 summarizes the estimated annual collective effective dose of ionizing radiation due to medical exposures for the period 1997-2007.
The Russian Federation added that assistance would be provided only when a violation had been found by the Committee.
In view of the urgency of ensuring the rapid implementation of those instruments, her Government had also contributed to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund and supported the activities of the International Centre for the Prevention of Crime (ICPC).
The International Labour Organization (ILO), for example, reported that staff workplans were linked to its Action Plan on Gender Equality and Gender Mainstreaming, and were produced in a participatory manner in capacity-building workshops organized for gender focal points and programming staff.
57/181 Elimination of all forms of violence against women, including crimes identified in the outcome document of the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly, entitled “Women 2000: gender equality, development and peace for the twenty-first century”
These warriors would become practically unstoppable.
* Have no right to do it, sweetheart.
- See you at home, Mike.
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July 2003, the Council took note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions.
[Agreed] Promote an integrated approach to policy-making at the national, regional and local levels for transport services and systems to promote sustainable development, including policies and planning for land use, infrastructure, public transport systems and goods delivery networks, with a view to providing safe, affordable and efficient transportation, increasing energy efficiency, reducing pollution, reducing congestion, reducing adverse health effects and limiting urban sprawl, taking into account national priorities and circumstances. This would include actions at all levels to:
There was a suggestion for a need for a “flow-chart” describing the roles of various actors in disaster response so as to enable the Commission to identify when a particular legal need might occur.
I-I don't have any money.
The ITLOS Statute contemplates a Tribunal which will not be permanently in session and which therefore necessitates a more differentiated system of remuneration.
I don't want to hide.
Informal consultations on a draft proposal under agenda item 42, chaired by H. E. Mr. Enrique Manalo, Deputy Permanent Representative (Philippines) [All interested delegations are invited to attend. ]
I invite Mr. Brammertz to take a seat at the Council table.
Do you love her? Do you really love her?
Firstly, under the provisions of the Convention, we will have to destroy about 1.3 million APMs within a relatively short time limit.
Liberia Monie R. Captan, Minister of Foreign Affairs
I gave you the little girl.
The representative of Eurojust reported on the Eurojust study on confiscation and asset recovery.
Since...but I have to see who...
Selected applications, for example:
Moreover, they must face not only high production costs but also low prices and inadequate access to markets.
Some of Jean-Bertrand Aristide's supporters have criticized this committee for not being impartial, since it is chaired by Paul Denis, a former Senator in the opposition under Aristide, and for substituting itself for the High Court of Auditors and Administrative Disputes.
And in 1960, Frank Drake conducted the first SETI observation looking at two stars, Tau Ceti and Epsilon Eridani, for about 150 hours.
The Missing Persons Bureau is down the hall to your left.
And this is just Phase One
(a) Creating an enabling environment for improving the situation of rural women and ensuring attention to their needs and contributions, including through enhanced cooperation and a gender perspective, and their full participation in the development, implementation and monitoring of macroeconomic policies and programmes and poverty reduction strategies, including poverty reduction strategy papers, based on the Millennium Development Goals;
The statement from that meeting invited the Executive Director of UNEP to convene an intergovernmental meeting to explore the options of merging the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment follow-up process and the mechanism consultative process with the objective of considering the establishment of an efficient international science-policy interface.
Special laws
(z) United Nations conference to identify ways of eliminating nuclear dangers in the context of nuclear disarmament
These issues are further discussed in the analysis below.
Following the joint United Nations/ World Bank review of this experience in 2006, those exercises are expected to become standard practice to inform national transition and development plans, prepare donor conferences, and form the foundation for coherent implementation plans, aid coordination and priority-setting among national and international partners.
In the area under Kinshasa's control, the Minister for Foreign Affairs has said they will attack without regard for the limitations set by the United Nations Organization mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and other “clock-watchers”, while inflammatory statements are being made to continue with the war.
That's what you said before you threw me in a cell.
It does seem to me that our little life has undergone... a rather significant change in the past few minutes now.
(b) Extending the use of expert groups to work on topical issues.
And you all know that if you are going to determine whether you're related to your brother or your sister, you can't do it by looking at differences.
In its concluding observations (CMW/C/ECU/CO/1) the Committee recommended, inter alia, that Ecuador: fully harmonize its national legislation with the Convention; develop awareness-raising programmes for judicial officials on the importance of the use of human rights treaties, including the Convention; create a database in line with all aspects of the Convention concerning migrant workers in transit or in Ecuador; continue to provide systematic education and training to all officials working in the area of migration or in contact with migrant workers and members of their families; make the provisions of the Convention widely known to both Ecuadorian migrant workers abroad and foreign migrant workers residing or in transit in Ecuador, as well as to communities as a whole, through, inter alia, long-term awareness-raising campaigns; ensure that migrants and members of their families detained for violating provisions relating to migration are deprived of their liberty for as short a time as possible; and continue to take steps to guarantee that they be held separately from convicted persons or persons detained pending trial.
C. Relationship between the strategic framework and the Peacebuilding Fund disbursement
• Workshop for Exchange of Experiences with Community Health Promoters.
Over the past 50 years the United Nations has developed guidelines, selection criteria and operational procedures for managing procurement contracts, accepting philanthropic donations, implementing joint agreements and facilitating participation of non-state actors in intergovernmental processes.
At the 1st meeting of the Committee, on 23 August 2007, the representative of Google Earth gave a PowerPoint and Google Earth presentation to illustrate the basic functionality of this freely available product and expressed a desire to include standardized geographical names from national naming authorities.
Two part-time technical advisers, Gilbert Barthe (Switzerland) and Patrick Smith (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), also served with the Panel. In addition, two political officers, an administrator and a secretary assisted the Panel.
Treason is one of them. I'm sorry, Herta.
You and I, Charlotte, in five.
I'll turn myself in tomorrow!
Future rounds of the MICS, the DHS and other surveys could possibly include a question on ethnicity which would assist disaggregation of data on this criterion.
The latest progress report on combating social exclusion was published in February 2007.
Group of 77 (on environment and sustainable development issues)
In the present case, it concluded that granting permanent residence permit to the author would raise national security issues on account of his former employment in the KGB.
He dresses bad.
The priority provisions of the law apply to rights arising by operation of law (e.g. preferential claims) or from a court judgement. ]
You're glowing at me again.
